This place gets a little better every time I go there. 

Normally, golf course restaurants serve overpriced wanna-be fancy food so they can sleep at night for charging you fourteen dollars for a glorified hot dog. Not here. You order a hot dog, and you get a hot dog, and a pretty good one, if I do say so myself. 

They have some healthier offerings but none of it is pretentious or gives you the typical golf course food feeling. I have gone here for lunch a few times and it feels almost more like a sports bar where people just dress a little funny. Which, relatively speaking, is a good thing.
Our gracious host took us out-of-towners to breakfast at the country club.

The food and service was good. They offered typical breakfast fare at slightly elevated prices, but then again, we're on a golf course with a parking lot full of Jaguars, BMWs and a Lotus Elise (I think) and properties that are on the market for a whopping starting price of $12M!

The outdoor seating was perfect for a warm Phoenix morning.
Great fries but that was about it. 

It's a club house restaurant that serves sandwiches and burgers and caters to the people there to golf on the course. The food wasn't spectacular. I had the turkey reuben and tried some of my friend's Adobe melt and it left me with me with a "meh" experience. I just figured for the price, $11 for a sandwich, that I should have a "yummy" experience. 

I do like our server. She was nice enough to split the check for the large party we had and was honest about the guacamole. Apparently, its not so good there. 

So if you ever end up lost on the greens at the Biltmore and end up at Adobe, just get the fries. That's about all I wanted to eat.
My husband and I met at this restaurant in April 2005 on the patio during a political fundraiser. We chose to get married on the day of our 6th anniversary and wanted to incorporate the location where we met, if at all possible. We decided to host our rehearsal dinner at the Adobe Restaurant. There has been some fluctuation and instability at the restaurant in recent years as ownership and staff has changed. We worked with Jim Gallen to get everything arranged. Jim worked with us to meet our budget while providing an incredible evening for our guests. The food was delicious, and the service was excellent. Our event was hosted privately on the patio and nothing could have been better. Thank you!
My husband and I live within walking distance to this restaurant.  It opens at 6:30a and they make a good breakfast.  We get creative and they're good with substitutions (try an Omelette with Goat Cheese, Mushrooms and Bacon).  They do have a new chef, and unfortunately, he decided to replace the bacon. They used to serve this AMAZING bacon (worth
I just had to revisit the site and let everyone know that the chef brought back the "good" bacon!   We stopped in yesterday for breakfast, and to watch the crowds arrive for the Arcadia Tavern golf outing (great crowd watching), and was pleasantly surprised with the return of the bacon.  Thank you Adobe Grill!
Menu selection disappointing. Cob salad was good though. Being named the Adobe restaurant i expected a couple tex-mex selections.  Nope, typical golf club restaurant.  Expected more from the Biltmore.  Bummer!
What a disappointment.  Terrible service, no bread until requested three times, bland unseasoned food and 16 bucks for a salad. Pass on this place. Only the valet was worthwhile.
If I could give them 10 stars I would!!!  I love everything about the adobe! Yum yum yum
Do not waste your money on this place.  We waited 20 minutes to get water to the table. Finally, two different busboys delivered sets of water glasses to the same talbe!  The bread/rolls never came at all.  Finally a waiter showed up, and without apology or explanation, asked us for our full orders (drinks and food). The food, when it eventually arrived was okay, but we needed to ask a couple of times for missing things.  We asked our waiter for example why the baked potatoes didn't have any butter with them.  He replied that the chef "always" melts butter on the potatoes.  We told him we were pretty darn sure there was no butter on these potatoes and it took him another 10 minutes to find us some butter pats. This is definitely one place worth skipping, even with the lovely patio and firepits.
Had a lunch meeting here which was a great experience... the service was great, food was good, price was ok and the location and view was nice.   This is a great place for lunch to relax and get away from the crazy city scene.
This place and I have a long relationship. I'm really fond of it. The venue is beautiful on the Biltmore golf course. 

My mothers pancakes were beautiful, hot and tasty. My Cobb salad was prepared to perfection but lacking in flavor. Too they toss in carrots and red cabbage - I'm not sure why. 

On a sunny day, it's a delight even with the carrots and red cabbage.
It's a club house at a Golf Course, exactly what you'd expect.  Traditional fare, mediocre execution, inflated prices, but with a great view of the course.
I obviously had low expectations going in. It is just a golf course burger shack, after all. The chicken sandwich with tomato, cheddar, avocado and bacon wasn't too bad at all. The fries are cut so thin that you must eat them immediately: extremely thin fries like this get cold very quickly and are thus inedible.

The service, surprisingly enough, was the low point. Our server literally showed us the bare minimum of courtesy, not even greeting us upon arrival. "Have you made your decision?" was the introduction. A very simple "Hello how are you?" would suffice.

It is obvious that this job is just a temporary one for the wait staff, and it shows.

You get what you expect: simple menu, simple food, simple service...nothing to keep you away, nothing to entice you to come back. Basically this destination is the place to be when you're done practicing your swing.
Not bad for a small restaurant on a golf course. My sandwich was done perfectly (Adobe melt), but I wasn't a big fan of the tiny fries. Service was below par though as one server was visibly annoyed by doing her job.
I never knew this place existed until today when a client asked to be taken here for lunch. He was an older guy, but I figured it would be good because I suggested Chelsea's Kitchen and he stayed on track wanting to go to this place.

Shortly after my whining tantrum caused purely by jealousy after driving through the Biltmore Estates we arrived at the restaurant. It is connected to the Golf Course but certainly isn't a "Biltmore" experience.

Obviously inexperienced wait staff (who did just fine, but a little awkward) and very limited menu. Just one side of one page with very normal stuff like burgers and turkey sandwiches.

I got a grilled chicken sandwich, by other two coworkers got sammies also. One a BBQ chicken and the other a burger. Our client got a turkey sandwich. ho hum..

Nothing to rave about. Several other older folks at tables. I'd say it was just fine for the price point but certainly not a place to go to unless you are hungry before or after a round and want a bite to eat. Considering the options in the area, I won't be back.
Would be 4 stars but you have to pay $9.95 per day for the Internet so that's an automatic downgrade. I'm staying here on the government's dime, so that makes it a little nicer for me since I don't have to pay for any of it, although I'm sure I have the cheapest hotel room in the place. The golf course looks pretty nice and I hear that it is good. The room is decent, though it can be rather loud and the Heater / AC is quite loud. Rooms were clean and nice.
We just spent the weekend here and enjoyed Spring Training Games.  HoHoKum park is only 5 minutes away, and Camelback is about 30 minutes away which is Nothing!  I really had a fantastic time in the Arizona...period!  BUT what made it so nice is rooms are clean, there is plenty of room in standard rooms, the place is quiet and the beds are SO comfortable!  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the Spa/Jacuzzi's were only luke warm.  We talked to the front desk and she said a lot of people had been complaining and she had told maintenance but she didn't know what was going on.  It was still really cold in the evenings, so that was a big let down....also, the air conditioning in the rooms are LOUD....but the comfortability makes up for it.   I would definitely stay here again.  It's mostly older people playing golf, not a lot of kids running around everywhere and our room was right in front of the pool and there was no problems with noise.

ENJOY! I would recommend this!
We stayed here because it was cheap and close to my brother's house.

Were we ever pleasantly surprised!  The people were nice here, the room is huge, there's a 'fridge and microwave in the room too.

I like this place, we'll stay here again.
Nice casita that can sleep 6 for $99, plus free breakfast. What a deal. Service was excellent but the catered food was TERRIBLE!
I highly recommend staying here at the Arizona Golf Resort if you are ever in Mesa Arizona, room is abosulely gorgeous, service is a five star.  Would come back for sure whenever I come back to Mesa.
What a pleasant surprise!!!

Coming in for the birth of our grandchild, we were on a budget.  We
Originally booked elsewhere first assuming a golf resort would be out of our budget.  

Our stay at our intended hotel lasted about 5 minutes due to disgusting room and rude staff. As we drove to meet friends for dinner we passed the resort and decided to check rates. To our astonishment the resort was less per night than the scuzzy dirty motel down the road.

The staff was AMAZING!!!!  From the front desk to security to wait staff I can't believe how helpful, kind and just pleasant every single staff member we met was!!

The rooms, while in need of updating, we're spotless!  We had a suite in the back with a front door facing a courtyard and a back door to a patio on the greens. The beds were comfy, the front room was complete with a very well appointed kitchen area and even had a stove top.

If you are expecting a Ritz or The Wyndham you will be disappointed. It is outdated and not stuffy or pretentious like those types of resorts  It is not a luxury resort. It is a clean, comfortable, working mans resort with a warm and comfy staff and stunningly affordable rates. 

We will stay here again and recommend it highly.
Customer service was great and the scenery is amazing! Love the fact that everything is very conveniently close by!
With the nice looking website and favorable reviews, I had high hopes for this place. Kind of a disappointment. Upon first sight of the resort from the street I felt a little let down, the signage is so old and tacky looking, so I was worried about what the rest of the place would be like.  We were in one of the resort suites which was a separate building that did have the benefit of having it's own pool separate from the main pool.  The one vending machine there was out of order, and the main lobby did not have a little shop that sold drinks or anything which would have been nice to have.  Big gaping whole the the ceiling in the open air hallway area. Lots of work needs to be done, things are falling apart.  The actual room wasn't too bad, decorated better than expected. Not the cleanest though. Long dark hairs on the bathroom floor before anyone had even used it, and none in our party was brunette. The shower head was like 2 feet too short.  And I'm 5'11, you should have seen my 6'2 husband. I had to seriously crank my neck back and bend down to wash my hair. Not a pleasant experience.  The whole tub/shower needs to be replaced. Everything seemed to have layers of dust on it, ESPECIALLY in the kitchen cabinets. Yuck - don't store your food in there until you take a look. 

The free breakfast was good, although we only went once. No parking fee or Internet fee were all good things.

For the resort suites they draw on a little map a very small area to park but it is a shared lot that people also use for private residences? Sketchy. Also very confusing I saw multiple people backing up and looking around trying to find where to go. No clear markings or directions. Didn't matter anyhow because the little lot was full the whole time anyway so we had to park in the main lobby and walk.  The walk wasn't bad but at night you were going through sprinklers and it is not lit at all so you are forced to creep around in the shadows. I would not feel safe if I was doing that walk in the dark alone. 

My husband and his father were supposed to golf two mornings, but after the first decided the one round was plenty. He said groups of people cut in front the them multiple times and the rental clubs were awful.


All these things aren't too major but one thing was really annoying during our stay... We had a rental car during our stay that had it's battery die on us.  We were finally able to get into the car and we decided to go in and ask the front desk if they could call someone in maintenance maybe to get a a jumper cable. We thought it would be quicker and easier than waiting for Alamo to get to us. (We where in a hurry trying to get to a ballgame.) The lady calls maintenance and he says "we don't do that". Okay I know it is not their responsibility for the guest's vehicle, but you would think they would care enough about the customer to help fix a problem like that. A resort that size with golf carts and maintenance vehicles all over the place has got to have a jumper cable. Maybe I'm jaded from being from a small town where people give a damn and a complete stranger will go out of their way to help you - I don't know.  We paid $1000 in room stay, and golf. You can't jump our car and help us out on our short vacation? There is an auto shop across the street! You can't call over there and arrange us some help? Unbelievable. I guess they don't know much about common courtesy of helping someone in need out...especially a paying guest. If we were an elderly couple, you think they would have helped us out?  I don't know.  The rooms weren't bad, but I would not come back to Arizona Golf Resort or recommend it.  I can find a clean updated hotel with a better location, nicer pool, and golf else where next time - even if it means paying a little more. Like they say, "you get what you pay for".
The scenery was amazing!! Wooooooooo!! - Well thats my biggest impression of this place. If you're looking for a great place to golf, i suggest you swing by this place. They give you 5 stars customer service and making sure that you're having the best time of your life.
the reviews on here are waay too nice. 

this place is old. the pictures make it look soooo much nicer than it is. 

everything here is old. im pretty sure the alarm clocks are older than me. the tube tv's have a loud hum when you turn them on. 

the room was big, and clean, but it had an almost mildewish kinda smell to it. the bed was large, and wasnt too bad. 

the location is semi central to a lot. but, then again, it is mesa. there's an awesome bagel place around the corner. 

oh, and the toilet. let me tell you... every 5-8 tires, it will actually flush. 

the internet was super slow. if you have an ipad, iphone, or anything that needs updates, dont do it on this wifi. 

all in all, i would have rather stayed at a motel 6. this place must have been cool 2 years ago. i wonder how many people died in that room...
Great place!  Needed to meet some people for a one day business meeting.  Hospitality through the roof!  Also booked rooms for a couple nights.  It's an older place but more than served it's purpose, coming from a person that travels and has seen both the best and worst of what hotels offer.

Unanimous decision by the group that this will be our "Phoenix" place to meet in the future!
I stayed many a moon at the Golf Resort back in the 90's when it was the ONLY place to stay anywhere near Power Road and it was actually pretty much in the middle of nowhere with nothing of interest around it except for a HEB grocery nearby and a smattering of restaurants that closed at 9:00 because nearly all the nearby residents were retirees.  Imagine that!

Nice spacious rooms and a great place to get together as a group and grill outside on their grills, and if you played golf that was even better.  I understand it's showing her age these days and is probably due for some updating.  Still, it was a great place and hopefully will remain so.
This place is a tale of two hotels. 

First and foremost, the grounds are quite nice. It's a very big resort, in terms of footprint, with tons of buildings scattered quite a distance from each other. If you have mobility issues or the weather is bad, I can see that being a pain. Since neither was the case when I was there, I liked it a lot. The restaurant inside is good, though not spectacular. Meeting rooms are quite nice. People are incredibly friendly, both at the front desk and in terms of banquet staff. Pools look nice, but I never used one. 

The rooms are a different story. Apparently they are trying to sell the hotel, so they have done no renovations. You can tell. It's very clean, but just old and worn out. I was upgraded to a big suite with a full kitchen (incl oven), and it was certainly more space than I needed for a few nights. The TVs are old with very few channels. The WiFi is very poor. The bathroom is small and the shower head is suitable for a 5 year old, in terms of height. Beds are comfortable. The patio is quite nice, as mine overlooked the 18th green (I believe it was the 18th). 

If this place gets updated, I could see it being fantastic. But as of now, the rooms bring down the otherwise nice place.
Stayed in a casita in the 600 area which was very fine. Comfortable bed, nice facilities including sink and fridge. Very quiet and the curtains did a fine job of keeping out sunlight. Didn't watch TV but the wi-fi was spotty. Shower pressure was not great but serviceable. Outside our cluster of rooms were weber grills and a jacuzzi. Staff was most attentive and courteous and arrived promptly when I requested a lift to the registration area or other functions around the large restort. Location is fantastic for the event I attended -- the premiere gathering of BONANZA fans at Lorne Greene's Ponderosa Ranch -- the actor's former home built to be an exact duplicate of the famed ranch house set. It was a short walk across the outer rim of the driving range to the back of the "Cartwright" ranch house (but if you walk across the green rather than get a complimentary ride from the resort to the Greene house, do watch out when the old duffers are practicing their drives . . )
I fully acknowledge that I'm probably not target audience for this place.  I attended a professional conference and stayed here for four nights.  I don't golf, so I can't comment on that but...

The accommodations were alright (400's a suite)-I don't have incredibly high standards, but the furniture in our suite was rather dated and appeared as though it hadn't been updated since 1992.  Everything was clean, and I can tolerate outdated much better than dirty.  While I don't need a flat screen tv, I do appreciate one that does not have diagonal fuzzy lines through the picture, the channel selection was also slim.  The biggest issue for me was the internet connection.  I couldn't stream video because the connection was less than 1MBPS download.  The 'fitness center' was a rather remote location and a bit dismal.  

We did have a hospitality suite on the other side of the resort (700's maybe) and it was actually quite nice, very updated and modern, so perhaps that is part of the varied reviews here-that some of the buildings/rooms have been renovated and others have not.

The actual conference facility/meeting rooms were acceptable.  The outdoor space was quite nice and enjoyable.  I had no complaints on the food.  The staff were also decently accommodating.  Though, when I asked about getting transportation into Phoenix, I was met with a blank stare-like no one staying here had ever asked such a thing.

O, and there is a replica of the Ponderosa homestead made by Lorne Greene (Ben Cartwright in the show) on site.  Yeah, that went off the air 10 years before I was born, but the family that runs it is quite nice.  By the end of the event, I had heard a rumor that the facility was in bankruptcy and bank owned which accounted for the lack of updates.

All in all, if I had the chance to stay here again, I would probably only do so if I got a great rate ($100 or less)
I would give this place negative stars if I could. We planned a trip for a softball tournament to Arizona and found this room online. We called and booked a suite big  enough for 6 people. The guy who booked the room said it didn't matter how many people we had in the room it only mattered for breakfast and since we were not having breakfast two ppl was all we needed to list. I provided him with my card number to reserve and he said they would not charge anything until midnight the night we were staying if we did not show. This was a month and a half ago. Our trip was this weekend and after driving 6 hours we show up to the Hotel only for the manager Tammy to tell me she is sorry but they tried to run the card on file and it was invalid so they gave the room away! I told her it was impossible and she tried to act like she was embarrassing me by saying my card declined, which when I confirmed the last 4 was not even my bank card I had provided. What it came down to is every place in the area was booked for several events and she up sold our room leaving us stranded without a place to sleep! It took two hours to find a room but we went through Marriott which was a much better hotel. This could have been considered one incident but we had other people that were staying at Arizona golf resort as well and Tammy gave away the double they reserved trying to put 3 adults in one king bed! We have attempted to contact corporate through email and on Facebook. They deleted our Facebook post. Do not ever book here if you get into town late and they are over sold you might be stuck without a place to stay. I was very disappointed and if the manager Tammy is any indication of how the hotel runs its a nightmare. She had the worst customer service skills I have ever seen!
We are checking out tomorrow morning after a three day stay here at the Arizona Golf Resort. 

Pros: We got a really nice room (400's). The bed is super comfortable, nice chairs and a table, lots of lighting, nice television set along with a fridge, microwave and sink. The bathroom is very spacious with a huge bathtub! Nice marble countertops and there's an iron and ironing board in the room as well. Very nice accommodations. The décor is a bit outdated but so what? I'm not staying here to stare at the walls or the bedspread; I came to visit family. All we did was slept and showered in our room. 

Another HUGE pro is that they allow pets. Seeing as though we have two, this was a big selling point for us to stay here. 

The ground are beautiful and well-maintained. The staff is very friendly and helpful. 

Cons: When I first made our reservation, I specifically asked about pets and pet fees. I was told that yes, they allow pets and no, there are no pet fees. Great! Not so fast....on the television, there's a channel that allows you to see your room bill. Turns out we got charged $25 PER PET for a total of $50. Not cool..if you want to charge a pet fee, you MUST tell people up front; not just tack it to their bill and expect them to pay it. Somewhat shady. 

*BE CAREFUL ABOUT THIS* This resort charges for LOCAL CALLS. They are NOT FREE! This is something that we did not know until we saw our call charges on the room bill. Luckily, someone removed these charges for us. We never made one long distance call; only a few local calls and got charged out the behind. Nobody will tell you that local calls must be paid for so do yourself a favor and don't use the phone in your room because it will cost you an arm and a leg. 

EDIT* Just found out we got screwed on the bill. When I initially made the reservations, I was told the room would be $79 per night with no pet fee. They charged us $100 per night on top of $50 for the dogs. I am going to file a complaint with the BBB.

VERY dishonest resort. Save your money and go elsewhere; the hassle here isn't worth it. 

Very disappointed.
Let's see where do we begin. We were in Phx for a wedding there were about. 20 of us w/ several rooms. We arrived checked in @ 12:30 am after arriving from The airport. We went to our casita I'm a lovely little quiet alcove(this is the 1 star) our electronic key didn't work. After several try's we call for maintenance . He arrived and was also unable to open the door. He went got another key which also didn't work . He let us in then w/ his key & went to get another! @ 1am came back still didn't work . Then we discovered the toilet didn't flush ! Let th know I the morning & they said they had to snake it 3 times! All friends at the other end also had plumbing problems - toilet, no hot water. One arrived in his room w/ 2 TVs in boxes that they had to connect! Others phones weren't connected@ all!  But the crux was- get this ... RATS IN THE RAFTERS OF THE BRIDAL SUITE! the bride and groom had to leave early!!!!!   DONT STAY HERE! It's a has been! Most people golfing were on their 80s!
This place is very lacking, to say the least. Our large party for a baseball tournament arrived to find our rooms had no phones, clock radios, missing remotes, tv's not working, no coffee, etc. The process just to turn the tv on was amazing! The furniture was dirty and at least 30 years old. Parking is an issue, especially if you have a large vehicle or truck. Spaces are extremely small and hard to get in and out of. The front desk service was not very good. Ladies were rude and not helpful. The grounds staff were nice though. Overall, for the price, this place is a huge disappointment. I would not stay here again.
Worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  Can't even really call it a hotel as its more like a MOTEL.  We parked our car and the first thing we saw was a dumpster that looked like it hadn't been dumped in a month.  Beer boxes, cans, and bottles all over the place.  I stayed there last weekend during March Madness, but our TV didn't work for the first 2 days.  We finally had TV by day 3, but of course lost Air Conditioning.  They said they could fix it by 10 am on our last day.  We were leaving at 5am so no help.  I demanded we get a different room.  We finally got place in a new room with both TV AND A/C on the third day around 5pm.  Leaving the next day at 5 am.........yay! lol  When I spoke to the front desk about a discount she said management is authorizing one night for free.  So I am paying for a full 3 days, even though I only had a day and a half of everything they offer.  Its ridiculous.  When I went to give my credit card so she can split the pay between me and another person, i expressed my disappointment.  The lady said sorry sir, i can offer you unlimited drink coupons for the bar.  Are you kidding me?  I leave for airport at 5am and you think me getting drunk is gonna solve everything.  This place sucks!  Now I am back in Washington, and the person I was splitting the room with informed me that they charged her the full amount.  ZERO communication at this place, from check in ladies to management (who I never saw).  I swear the average IQ of the workers there was that of a 5 yr old.  Worst experience ever and I really hope my review helps people avoid this terrible place.
A bit outdated but the hotel staff took great care of us. The suite style rooms were reasonably priced and golf came with the room! Gave us free shuttle ride to the mall and paid for shuttle to the airport the next day. Some of the rooms are being remodeled and we would love to come back and stay in those!
Water water everywhere, in the middle of the desert!   Very few holes on this 27 hole course don't have water involved with your shot!  You know that you're in a very Arid place and the contrast with all the water around is pretty cool.   It's target golf, but instead of avoiding the desert, you're avoiding water.  pretty holes abound.  I give it five stars for being unique.   As far as the food and resort are concerned I don't know, never ate here or stayed here.  Played here many times and it's always been fun and/or completely frustrating.
This was such a beautiful course and you don't really think you are playing in the desert somewhere! There were definitely a lot of holes with water so make sure you bring a lot of balls!! Some were sooooo difficult like the gold course that had the river right behind the hole so if you overshot...say bye bye to your perfectly played ball.  There were a few island holes too esp on a par 3 in the white course.  The people there were sooo friendly and one of my favorite was the fruit scented ice towel the marshall comes to deliver to you!!! MMMMM...it smells soooooooo good!!

After the game...make sure you go to Bernards to have their reuben sandwich! It is sooo juicy....the beef just drips down your hand!  BTW, their chicken quesadilla is amazing too! Fried just to a perfect crisp.
Amazing course! Open enough to forgive but shaped for fun.  There is a buyup you can get for 2 drinks on the course and one afterwards with a 10 dollar voucher for lunch all for 15 dollars.
play it.
Played January of 2011($60).This is quite simply the best golf course I have ever played! Water everywhere, I probably left at least a half dozen balls in the lakes and I still had a blast. Homes surround the course, but lakes seperate them and dont really come into play, they actually ad to the beauty of this course. The course was in immaculate condition. I dont play resort golf very often, from the friendly and helpfull cart guys to the bartender, I was very impressed with the service. Troon Golf now has a reputation with me, I will forever compare all courses to this one. Will definately play this course again when I return.
This is a beautiful golf course, designed by one of my favorites, Ted Robinson. Some of the notable courses he has designed are Sahalee, Rhodes Ranch in Las Vegas,  Tuscany in Henderson, and Temecula Inn in California.  Almost all of his designs have an abundance of water, and Ocotillo is no different. Throughout the course, ponds, streams, waterfalls, and fountains make this a very unusual desert course.

It makes for very interesting golf, and if you have a tendency to stray off line, very difficult. There are three nine hole courses that depending on the day, are combined for 18 holes.  All are very playable if the correct tees are selected, and range from red - 5100 to gold - 6700.  

The course is in great condition, and managed by Troon Golf.  They do a very good job, and keep the course in very good to excellent condition.  There is a driving range, and above average practice facilities.  It might be noted that the course is surrounded by homes, but they are very out of the way, and a player doesn't have to worry about hitting into them.  Pace of play varies, depending of course on what kind of group you have in front of you.  Usually you can finish between four and five hours, and usually there is a marshall on the course.

Bernard's is also very nice, and is a great place to relax after 18 holes. They have a snack bar,  full bar, and full service restaurant, so you have a wide range of choices. The service is fast, friendly and efficient.

The only downside was that several of the persons working in the pro shop were not very outgoing - very business like, but not very social.  

However, all in all, a great experience, and I will make this one of my favorite courses in the valley.
This is a good track and when you can pay around 50-75 bucks for this kind of course...nice! Its a must play for the Chandler area!
Beautiful course! Lot's of water...
Now I'm more a bucket of beer instead of a bucket of balls kind of gal, golf is not my best sport by any means.
We had our annual golf tournament here and everything went perfectly. The staff was wonderful and really worked with us to ensure our event was a success. 
This is a lovely location for any event!
Bring an extra sleeve of balls when you play here for all the water hazards! 

I showed up today (Sunday) and was a little thrown off by all the people at the bag drop wearing football jerseys. Especially when the people wearing jerseys were the ones grabbing my clubs and putting them in a cart. Thought I was at Buffalo Wild Wings! 

I thought this was a very nice course but the reason it didn't get 5 stars was because it just didn't have that top notch feel that other Troon managed properties have. The greens were very inconsistent; some really fast, some really slow, and some were bumpy. The grass on gold was extremely long and it was very easy to lose your ball in the rough because the grass was so deep. Blue was cut much better but I had a couple complaints with holes 7 and 9. If you're playing the blue course in the late afternoon, you might as well close your eyes while teeing off at 7 and 9 because the architect made the course so you look directly into the sun. 

I sneaked on today for $44 bucks and was very satisfied with what I got for the price. If I didn't live 15 miles away, and could always get on for $40 I'd probably golf here a lot more. If the green fees are above $50, I just couldn't justify it with all the other nice options around the valley. 

On a final note, I was EXTREMELY impressed by the staff and how friendly they were. I was not only asked how my round of golf went, I was also told how glad they were that I came out, and finally that they really hope to see me again. Definitely don't get that kind of service too often!
This is a slice of heaven in Chandler.  Having a Troon Golf Club in the heart of South Chandler is amazing.  The course has 27 holes...3 nines that all have plenty of water.  The layout of the course is interesting, challenging, and beautiful.  Homes, lakes, and sand traps are abundant, which makes this Golf Resort tough, yet fun.  The Clubhouse is charming, with beautiful limestone and a cedar wood ceiling.  The patio is spacious, with plenty of great food and drink.  Check out Bernard's for lunch, brunch, or dinner.  The restaurant has weekly dinner specials (try Carlo's Italian Buffet on Friday Nights), and you can always order off the menu.  Love the 19th hole Bar, too.  Great place to go, even if you're not a golfer.  Friendly service, feels like a private club (without the dues).
My favorite course in the valley. I think because it is all grass with water replacing the more common desert we often get here.
Great burger good place to chill for lunch.
Great food every time we have been there, golf or no golf, this is a great destination for a fine meal. Doesn't hurt that we can walk there for dinner.
We grabbed a wonderful dinner here for a special occasion that I will be mum about.  What I will not be quiet about is how Ocotillo and Bernard's made it very special for us!  

We started with Prosciutto & Fig Bruchetta...the ultimate salt and sweet combo.  The spread was delish with black figs and olive oil.

Followed the appetizer with the Pork Tenderloin and some mac and cheese.  Pork Tenderloin was cooked just how I like it, medium rare and the mac cheese baked (melts in yo mouth).

A really nice enjoyable place to enjoy dinner and a cool wait staff. Thanks Ocotillo (a spiny, scarlet-flowered desert shrub of the southwestern US sometimes planted as a hedge)!
2nd time there, early for happy hour and okay service, arrived at 5:30 today and we walked out after 15 minutes, no service on the patio nor the bar ( too busy gabbing with regulars). Go to d.vine........
FINE Dining ? that's pathetic. 

Golfing at Ocotillo is A+ and my favorite course in AZ..

Played a round of golf on Wednesday and decided to invite the wife over afterwards for some great food "Fine Dining"... big mistale.

Now get you , happy hour prices on drinks are pretty fair... and being Wed and they advertise some prime rib, I decided to give it a shot..

My order, Prime Rib, Baked potato, Asparagus
- Prime rib was over done and obviously cooked as a single order. Flavor/seasoned was weak. Honestly, the WORST I have EVER had. Baked potato was cooked decent, but the "fixins" butter for one was like Frozen ROCK hard butter,, dumb,, didn't even come close to melting on my potato,, grrrr,, Asparagus, was also over cooked n limp, very oily with bland flavor.. 

Wife had Minestrone soup,,, ehhh, 

I really love Ocotillo, and put a ton of effort to make the golf trip extra special by including the wife.. Seriously would have had a better time @ Denny's..

don't get me wrong, the scenery is spectacular, water fall and river off the patio, and the atmosphere would be great.. WILL NOT BE back unless I hear they got a new chef or made some drastic changes..


Come here ONLY to Golf and have a couple Happy Hour cocktails.....
I'm not much of a golfer. There. That's how I chose to start this review. So take this for what its' worth ... 

I've played maybe a dozen times, usually public courses in miami/orlando/atlanta. I was in Scottsdale for business and had a day off so I took advantage of this by making a tee time online for 3:15pm on a Friday the night before. 18 holes and cart included was $30. Free tees, and another $25 for rental clubs and I was on my way. 

I got to play by myself (bonus, because I hate slowing people down ... I mean, I shot 110) and enjoyed this 18 more than any other (except for a course I once played in Orlando with my father, for sentimental reasons). 

The course was very well kept, much better than any I've played on in Miami or southern LA. First time playing in Arizona was beautiful and amazing to appreciate the contrast between the red clay and green, green fairways. 

Not much water, but just enough for me to lose 3 balls in it (I lost 9 total, again, I'm not that good). Freeways line the start of the back 9.  A little distracting. I think I hit 3 balls into ongoing traffic. Regardless, it only got better from there. 

Gorgeous 13th and 15th and 16th holes, among the others. Beautiful semi-island par-3 on 18. I played until dark, nailed a 20ft put, almost birdied 3 in a row, and had an awesome time - very memorable - and happy as hell I took the initiative to play 18 on my day off even though its not my sport. 

I would recommend it. This course was beautiful.
I don't golf at all but like to ride my bike along the multi-use path from McDonald Drive to Pima.  I watch out for the golfers and occasionally have to duck or at least honker down when I hear "fore".  To me the golf course doesn't look too exciting but then again I don't golf.  If I were to golf I would never get past the first hole and take too much time.  Others seem to enjoy it and yell when the ball gets close or into the hole.  For me riding my bike is far more enjoyable and very scenic with great views of Four Peaks and sunsets behind Camelback.

Over the past several years I have collected hundreds of stray golf balls.  I save the uniquely marked ones from other golf courses including Silverado but otherwise box the others up.  I have offered them to my nephews to sell but there was little interest.  I finally found someone who wants them for distribution to a youth organization.  Now I can go out and collect more... plus get more exercise which is my primary objective in the first place.
They sell your e-mail address to spammers!

If you reserve your tee time with them online, they will sell your e-mail address to Viagra and penis enhancement spammers. It happened to me. I used a unique e-mail address with them and next thing I know, I start getting spam on that e-mail address. 

I confronted them about it and they denied it and didn't take any action which makes them worse.

The golf facilities are mediocre so don't even bother.
It's usually cheap and the layout is ok. It is a short course, par 70 that runs through a wash area. It was always in pretty good shape. There is no driving range. It's nothing special but it's fun. Not sure what else to say about this one really.?.
Played here three times this week. My favorite in the Scottsdale area. Book on GolfNow.com. February prices have been around $60 per round of golf
Oh the joys of playing a value course where customer centric culture was founded by the Madoff school of business.  Ladies and Gents, my review:

Good: 
-Great condition.  Greens and fairways are well kepy.
-Fairly forgiving.  I love playing a desert course made for the average player.

Bad: 
-No driving range
-No gps, but...eh...is a value course
-Hard to find.  Needed to pull out my sundial and compass to triangulate my position.

Ugly:
-Marshall on us 5 times.  Total time: 4:20.  We were somewhat slow due to the fact that we had our other twosome play from the womens tees.  I have nothing against the ladies, but the marshall should know that it takes an average of 90 seconds to get back in your cart and have the other group tee off!
-The caddies that helped clean our tees, which we generously tipped, made remarks Charlie Sheen would be proud of: said we played a 4:30 round (when it was 4:20), argued about the marshall pushing us, and overall was focused on proving some unknown point to a paying customer!

Suggestion: 
-Don't play here!  Rude service with a locals only attitude.  I felt like i was surfing on somebodys turf.  Out of towners beware...you are not welcomed...except for your benjamins!

On to Legends Trail!
I'm not sure why this course gets such a low rating.  This is a fine golf course.  It is in excellent condition.  The front nine is somewhat boring as it is basically straight out and straight back.  The back nine offers a little more challenge and a few more interesting holes.

A warning to walkers:  The front nine is easily walked, but the back nine is tough as there are VERY long stretches from green to tee.

I played it on 11-24-11 in the first group of the day.  The greens were pretty slow, but that was probably because there was a heavy dew that morning and the greens were still pretty wet.  As they dry out during the day, they probably run a little faster, but will still be just moderate speed greens.

It's a straightforward course, with no tricks off the tee.  The 10th hole is a sharp dogleg right with a blind tee shot.  Other than that, you can see the shot you need to hit from every tee box.  The finishing hole is a moderate, downhill Par 3 over water.   Beautiful golf hole.
Customer Service Sucks at this golf course soooooooo BAD!  Been there 4 times and every time have an issue checking in or with one of the GOLF Pros.  This golf course by far has the worst employees ever. The course is usally in good condition but always get turned off by the employees. On top of it all they do not even have a driving range to practice. Do not recommend this course at all.
Was in town for business meetings.  Nice course in town and I was staying nearby. Good shape and price was good.  Pace of play was a little slow, however it was a Sun in Feb.  Will probably play again next yr.
11:30 tee time, finally hit the first tee at 12:15.  Followed with almost a six hour round of golf.   Not a marshal in site to speed up play.  Our group waited almost half an hour just to tee off on a par three.  I've been to this course quite a few times over the past couple of years.  It is a nice layout and usually in good shape, however after today, never again.  Having a good round of golf is all about establishing a rhythm.  You will never establish that here.
I am sorry to see so many bad things said about Silverado.  Its one of my favorites.  I golf mostly in the afternoons.  We play at this course about 3 times a month.  Never had a problem.  My foursome even got to take off early.  One time my dad (age 85)  was late getting to the golf course.  When he arrived the staff loaded his clubs and him, up and brought him out to our hole where we were getting ready to tee off.

The course itself is pretty forgiving.  Pretty open in the front 9, little tighter on the back.

I recommend the Friday Night Fish Fry as well.  They have a great dinner and golf special.
Slow!!! This the slowest golf course in the world. I have played there 3 times, all within the last year. I was only able to finish once because of the extremely slow play and that time took 5 1/2 hours. The other time they started me on the back, which was fine because it is the nicer of the two 9's, it took 2 1/2 hours to play. I go to make the turn on to the front and they just let 7 groups of walkers out on the front, even though they new a bunch of people would be making the turn because they started everyone else earlier on the back. Seeing this and then seeing the 5 groups waiting to tee of on 10, I went to the pro shop to kindly ask "what's up?", the guy with the creepy side burns and mustache basically told me I was screwed and said there was no chance of a rain check even though he admitted that it would take over 3 more hours to finish my round.

For some stupid reason I went back again this past May. It took 2/12 hours to play the front and then it took 2 1/2 hours TO PLAY THE FIRST FOUR HOLES ON THE BACK!!! When we got to the 14th tee there were, NO KIDDING, 6 groups on the tee. NOT A MARSHALL IN SIGHT!

We decided to quit and drive to the clubhouse, as did two other groups. When we got back to the club house, the bag guys asked how we enjoyed our round... knowing that we did not come from  the 18th. We told them very politely how slow it was and  there only response was "ya, slow golf sucks". 

Please find new management because this is a decent course, when you get to play the whole thing!
Not worth the price, much better courses around for the money!
One of the most fun rounds of golf I've played in a long time. Some challenging features, but plays pretty easy. Fairways were immaculate! Beautiful course, and they wiped down my clubs after my round (never had that happen anywhere else). Most definitely worth the very reasonable green fee, and I'll play here again if I ever find myself in Scottsdale again!
There are a lot of great reasons to rate this course highly, and then there are a few others that get me a little heated....

Pros:

- Central location in the Scottsdale area
- Grass is typically in great shape, despite getting a lot of play
- Rates are extremely affordable. The best value in Scottsdale for a round of golf throughout the year
- Good mix of challenging and easy holes for all skill levels
- Not a lot of desert to mess around with and virtually no water to worry about either (except for 18)
- Great views off of the tee at #14 and #18
- Cart girls here are usually pretty good
- Staff has always been courteous and good when I've played here

Cons:

- No driving range....
- No driving range.... 
- No driving range....
- Slow pace of play on late afternoons and weekends. They really overload the course and it can get very backed up 
- Marshall's aren't present too often to regulate the pace in my experience

If you're looking for a great value, open fairways, and to have a generally good time with most skill sets, this is your place. Just don't plan on getting in a warm up or playing a quick round.
Horrible customer service! I tagged along this afternoon to my husbands 1:15 tee time and they charged me a rider's fee of $17... Just to sit in his cart and watch. He was a single player so it's not like we needed an extra cart or anything!  For that price I could have just played! Ridiculous.  Won't be back.
I feel like I owe it to Silverado and the Yelp community to update my original review from a few days ago.  After our awful first experience, my husband wrote an email to Silverado's upper management.  We received a very fast (and polite) response apologizing for the cashier's poor judgement in charging us an unnecessary rider's fee.  They are mailing my husband a gift certificate in hopes that he will give Silverado another chance... We really appreciate that.
This course was great! The grass is well manicured, the greens were a bit sandy but they rolled true and quick. Good thing the price includes cart because it's a long drive around in neighborhoods but goes by quick. I played in the middle of the day on Thurs. and didn't have to wait at all! 3 hour round and played one of the best I have ever. Great value and everyone there was nice, bring cash because no ATM. Would def recommend and play there again!
Great place to have lunch or a late breakfast. Reasonable prices and good food. The patio is especially nice when the weather is cool. Highly recommend!
Nice, easy course but beware: you can reserve a threesome to find out that an old man will be your fourth, and he wants to date you.  He proudly boasts that he only paid $20 when you and your peers paid $65/pp. Yickes!
Iv accompanied my husband to almost all the golf courses in Phx and since past 1 year have nt been playing due to my fracture  . I have never been charged for just riding in the cart b4 but this place charged us 18 bucks .. What a money making trick!!!
Came to the Silverado grille at about 430pm  in the afternoon and restaurant.com and yelp both wrote that they were open at this time but apparently they say close at 4pm. Leah the bartender/server was very nice and tried to accommodate me but the cook Zack was unhelpful. Even though I said that I drove all the way over here,  he still wouldn't cook anything at all. Very disappointing. Will not be back.
We're not golfers, but it was a beautiful day for a nice outdoor lunch with a view.  We were pleasantly surprised by the Silverado Grille.  We sat out on the patio where we had a great view of the golf course and fountain.  The food was great and Chuck was very friendly and accomodating as he took care of our order.  Had a great time with my wife and will definitely return!
Nice course, price was a little high, would have thought GPS would have been included.  Very kid friendly, and other golfers were friendly to my two boys, ages 5 and 7.  I love to play kid friendly courses and this course actually has kid t boxes!  They thought that was way cool!

Gentleman working the register wasn't as polite as the starters.
Good bang for your buck. Some interesting holes with elevated tees and course was in good shape. High handicappers can have fun here and play easily under 4 hours. No range but definitely worth the money.
SLOW PLAY- played there twice this week and never saw a ranger. Fridays round took 5 hours and 20 minutes and we only got 17 holes in. Played Sunday and expected a slow round but not another 5 he ordeal. Never saw a ranger and it seems slow play is the norm. Course is fun and open enough to be forgiving
Played putt putt a couple of times whilst visiting my grandmother in law who lives in Rio Verde.

Great putt putt course, but that 18th hole.... arrrggghhhh. Facilities are great and next time we are going to actually play a couple of rounds of golf.
Tough to rank this place...   it is a retirement community first off.   The club house is awesome.   Pool is salt water and heated.   Courses are nice, little bit of a challenge but basically flat.   The putt putt course is very challenging and really cool.    I'm not impressed at all with the club food and suggest staying away from the roast beef.   It seemed fake.
Played there a couple of days ago. Not impressed to say the least. Facility is in fantastic shape for oversseding this time of year. (mid october) We showed up at 6 am for our 640 tee time. (that's plenty to get warmed up, get a cup of coffee, and use the bathroom before teeing off.) Clubhouse was empty. Ya know that xmas story when they say... "Nothing was stirring, not even a mouse?" Yea, that's what it felt like. Finally, after siiting around for 30 mins, the pro shop opens. We pay for our rounds, and get 10 mins to hit some balls. 

*10 mins later*

We get to the tee box, no starter. Even the groundskeepers were running behind. Not a big deal, the guys were cool. With my limited spanish I was talking to one gentleman, and he was talking about how one course is down, and its a lot of work for them at the moment. I get it. They're busy, it's my day off, no big deal. The pace of play was slow, because each tee box we got to were being groomed, the tee boxes were on the side of the tee box, so we had to slow down a bit. Whos fault was that? Ours, of course. Golf course was in great shape, the views are amazing (I like Sun Ridge Canyon more, personally.)

*4 hours later*

Get done with the round, go inside for some food. Order drinks... 1 coke, an arnold palmer, a lemonade and a water. Server got 2 of 4 wrong. awesome! We order food, and the server says "Would you like to take care of that with a credit card or membership?" Well, in the REAL world, we wait till after our food arrives to usually pay... if you want a good tip anyways. Maybe I am in a different country it's otherwise... I answer I'll take care of it with cash. Here's his god to honest answer.

"We do not accept cash."

What?

Last time I checked, this is America, and it's safe to accept legal tender issued by the Federal Reserve, buddy.

Get the food, fries were the best part. 


Get the check and the 20% is automatically added. Wow. We had a party of 3... not 8 or 10, 3.... Three. no wonder there was bad service.

TL-DR?

The service all around needs to be stepped up if. It's too far to be treated that way. But then again, if memberships is all they want, maybe they've found their niche. Old people all around, a nd a lot of people who don't care. Nice business plan, guys!

I'll pass next time.
Played the Peaks course and the greens were rock hard so nothing held, not even little chips. I didn't mind the layout so much but make sure you get a map of the course from the pro shop if this is your first time around because there is a lot of blind shots. This course is targety and has many split fairways that end in desert. The greens putted really nicely, very fast and smooth. I wasn't super impressed with the starter who questioned me about my HCP like I was being interrogated by the police. I guess he was concerned I wasn't a low enough handicapper to play off the blue or black tees which is silly because the course isn't tough from any tee. He also told us to speed up because we had a hole and a half ahead of us but when  we teed off we never saw a group ahead of us and people weren't waiting behind us so he did the typical ranger power trip and ended up disturbing myself and my group by making us speed up when we didn't need to.

Make extra time to play the putting course out front, 18 holes and very fun.

I payed $30 for a cart, round and all the practice I want, not a bad deal for this time of year I guess if you like a drive out in the middle of no mans land.
During this time of year, as one would expect, golfing in Arizona can become a very expensive habit.   While it may be considered a weak sister to its relative down the road, Vista Verde, the Ranch track at Tonto Verde is a great golf course for a great price.   I would imagine Tonto Verde's other offering, the Peaks course, is just as good albeit a bit pricier.  

The Ranch was in excellent shape and has matured nicely from the overseed in October.   The course is very straightforward; in fact, I cannot recall a single blind shot.  Fairways were lush and the tee boxes were impeccable.  The greens were in excellent shape and rolled fast but true.  As others have noted, the fairways are wide and very forgiving for the higher handicap golfer.  But don't be fooled:  Strategically placed bunkers can and will wreak havoc on errant shots.  At 7,000 yards from the tips, the course offers a wide variety of long and short par 4s and par 3s and plays for the most part as target golf. 

The service at Tonto Verde was very personable and attentive.  As with most resort courses, the staff does all the work, from placing your bag in the desired cart to cleaning up your clubs after the round. The clubhouse is very nice and the locker rooms are well kept and clean.  Rangers do show up from time to time to chart the pace of play. 

Verdict:  Go and play the Ranch course at Tonto Verde.
I love playing both courses at Tonto Verde any chance I get. The course is always in good shape and I've never had a complaint about the experience in the handful of times I've had the opportunity to play it! If you have time it's always fun to play the putting course as well.
We come up here a couple times a year and it's always been very peaceful and serene. 

The area, course and clubhouse are nice. The only drawback are the retirees on golf carts speeding in front of your car as you drive in. LOL  A number of times as I approach that stop sign on Rio Tonto/ Dynamite, I've nearly hit someone. Not LOL

As others have noted in their reviews, Tonto Verde and I guess Rio Verde operate on their own schedules. Things are more relaxed and laid back here.  The courses are well maintained and I have never heard of anyone being rushed.
Are you a great golfer, looking for a challenge?  Then Rolling Hills is not the course for you.  However, if like me, you are picking up the game, learning the rules, enjoying yourself, and want to spend a glorious day outdoors in Az (Now being the right time to do that!), then Rolling Hills is the perfect choice.  It's very moderately priced, a round with cart is only about $30 (varies by time of year and residency).  The course offers beautiful views of Camelback Mountain, downtown Phoenix, Tempe and Papago Park.  It also is usually not very crowded, though sometimes the rounds can be a little slow (which can happen even at higher priced clubs).  There is usually a beverage cart out (at least on the weekends), and a pretty decent restaurant for your turn snack and post-round meal.  When I play golf, I play here, because of the location and price.
$13.50 to play half the course with a golf cart.  That's a pretty good deal, and you can bring your own cooler filled with booze!  I never liked golfing, but I took on this course with two girlfriends.  We aren't great golfers, but this course is fun to play on and not intimidating at all.  The course is quite pretty too, set against the backdrop of the Papago mountains.  I thoroughly enjoyed attempting to golf while getting drunk.  Next time I'm bringing cigars, then I'll feel like a true golfer.
Rolling Hills is great when you want a short, easy course with interesting terrain, good views, and noisy zoo animals.  I believe this course has to be the only golf course in Arizona where you can hear elephants on the third hole.

There is a lot of elevation change on this course.  Many holes require you to hit the green to avoid rolling down a 50 foot hill into a gully.

If you don't want a real serious round, just want to practice your short game (you will encounter some interesting chip shots), and just want to stay close by, Rolling Hills might be a good option for you.
Ok here's our deal: Four guys looking for stuff to do after the A's spring training game lets out. It is only 4pm on Sunday and we have a few hours until it gets dark. Right across the street from Phoenix Muni is this place, the Rolling Hills Course.

We walked in to the shop and the guy there tells us the course is wide open. It was $13 per person for 9 holes. They also require each person to carry a bag, which is very typical. That was kinda a bummer because this essentially doubled the price, as we each had to rent clubs. 

The rental clubs were decent and each bag came with balls and tees inside, so we were good to go.

The course was very nice. It was more than just an executive course, having mostly par 4's on the front 9, no fives though. 

We had a great time out there and will play here again next spring when we are back.
This is a great city course, receives just enough attention not to be terrible, but not too good where it will attract pretentious golf snobs or reason to charge an exorbitant fee.

9 holes and a cart? 13.50.  Can't beat it.  Bring your own refreshments though, as there is no cart lady.
Great course and very inexpensive. It is located right next to the phx zoo in the heart of the Papago mountains with $10-15 summer rates. 

However. The customer service at this place in the golf shop is terrible. I've played here over 5 times now and i cant think of one good thing to say about the young lady working the later afternoons in the golf shop. I usually don't criticize on things like that but it's unacceptable and this course would definitely get 5 stars from me if they invested in a more qualified employee.
I've played this golf course ever week with a bunch of friends. The course is good  and the restaurant is great. The customer service in the pro shop is terrible. I'm handy capped and have to carry the clubs from my car to the cart because the cart can't be driven to the vehicle area. They start you off on the back nine  bunching up golfers when there is no one playing on the front nine. I've played here at least 20 times because of friends but I will not spend my money here again. Find a more friendly golf course unless you like bad customer service.
You can't beat the price of $27 to include cart after 12pm. The front 9 is mostly par 3's with some challenging holes. The back 9 opens up a little more with some short par 4's and longer par 3's. Overall, a fun course if you're looking to get out for a quick round with family or friends who are not expecting pristine conditions or country club appeal. Course conditions varied from hole to hole though.

Nice lounge for a beer and hot dog or sandwich after the round. They did have a cart person with some good beer specials too, as well. 

If you look up toward the nearby bluffs, you may see some wildlife since this course is right next to the zoo. You'll hear an occassional call or other animal sounds too.

So if you're looking for a quick round to tune up your shot making, this may serve the purpose. I was surprised to play the full 18 in just over 3 hours on the Wed before Thanksgiving, course was busy but moved along. Enjoy!
I'd like to give this course four stars, but the play is just so painfully slow.  I guess you can kind of expect that for a muni course during peak season, but I've never played a slower round in my life. I paid $16 for nine holes (twilight rates). That price includes the cart, but I ended up walking because all the carts were taken and wouldn't be ready in time to make my tee time. I personally prefer to walk, but if you like to take a cart, it may be frustrating to have your tee time pushed back - especially if the daylight hours are winding down. 

The course itself is in decent condition with a good mix of challenging and easier holes.  As the name suggests, lots of hills.  If you play a lot of flat courses, you'll find it a challenge to judge the distance on the uphill and downhill par 3s. I'd love to play here again, but I'd rather deal with 110-degree temperatures than a 30-minute wait to play one hole.  I'll check it out again during the off-peak season to see how I like it.
My alma mater...my home course.  Karsten golf course at ASU is classic Pete Dye.  Large swails, pot bunkers, #16 par 3 that flirts water.  I put a 4 iron from 220 2" from teh cup...big woop...I did it in a dust storm!!!! -- ask StoizzoF about that one.  The best thing about this course is that students get to play for cheap.  The clubhouse was designed by local architect Eddie Jones and compliments the golf course perfectly.  Dye did a great job in hiding the not so fantastic sights aroudn teh golf course but over the years I got used to the power plant, power lines, and ghetto east side along McClintock.  If your on vacation you need to play the course in whcih Phil Mick perfected his game and if you're a student you need to play this course.  Devils, Devils, Devils!!!
I played this course several times weekly for three years in college and never ran out of money and never got bored with the course. You can see a lot of Pete Dye in this course - railroad ties, swails that are impossible to play from, so on and so forth. A very good challenge (It plays to a 73.8/131) with a shorter, narrower front nine and a relentlessly long back nine that finishes with four of the most difficult holes you will ever play. The signature hole is #16, a 248 yard par three with a forced carry over water to the green. The hole itself snakes to the right with water right and short, and the prevailing wind fights the fade you will want to hit. In 300+ tries, I've only ever birdied this hole once.

The staff is great. Always friendly and very nice to students like myself. The price is great for students, not sure about everyone else though. I've been to the restaurant only a few times, but the food was good and I would definitely go back occasionally if I still lived there.

Oh, how I wish I was back in college again. Being able to play this gem every time I had a chance made work+classes+malnutrition very bearable.
I really enjoy this course but I am saving the 5 out of 5s for the Troons, Grayhawks and WeKoPas of the world.  Nonetheless, this is a great, very challenging course and you don't have to drive waaaay up north or east of Scottsdale to get there, which is always a great plus.  I remember Golf Digest did a list of Top 25 College Courses and this didn't make it, which I thought was nuts.  My only complaint is that the course isn't really as luxurious as the peak season rate would indicate.  Also, as the other guys who reviewed this mentioned, there is some fantastic ASU swag available in the shop if you are a fan, they probably have every variety you could ever imagine.  Haven't eaten there but Ted's Hot Dogs is close enough that you'd be crazy not to go there after your round.
I give this course 4 stars because of its challenge level. Not at all the most scenic golf course, but the gazillion hills create an extra level of difficulty. I'd bet money that this course was once a landfill (yes, it happens). No flat lands accept for the middle of the fairway and greens. I do love the golf attendants uniforms....old school with the argyle socks and knickers.
I'm reviewing the catering at Karsten's clubhouse (http://www.asukarsten.com/meetings_special_events/catering/). I have used the catering several times for large groups (100-175 guests). On all occasions, the food and service have always been exactly what we requested and definitely above expectations for such reasonable catering prices. 

Eating at the clubhouse in the winter season is especially lovely, since they decorate the entire area with festive lights and a large, beautifully decorated Christmas tree. At a recent December event, we selected a buffet which included vegetarian tamales, string beans with red potatoes, rice pilaf, and glazed carrots. There was also a turkey carving station. I'm very picky, and everything was excellent. The carrots in particular were really yummy with a candy-type glaze on them, but everything was above expectations. The coffee served also was surprisingly good, which is always a treat. 

I highly recommend the clubhouse at ASU Karsten Golf Course for your catering needs!
This place is really cool. I was invited to play in a charity tournament here with a friend and had a total blast. *Disclaimer- I am totally not a serious golfer but even from a wannabe golfers perspective it was damn fun! 

The course has a ton of rolling hills so it's definitely challenging. They are great about having the drink carts circling regularly and the service is great from the second you drop off your clubs. 

One piece of advice is to plan for a full day here. It took us about 6 hours for the full 18 holes. Otherwise... go, play!!
I finally got to play the home course to my old stomping grounds, Arizona State University. I went to ASU fresh out of high school, but didn't last long because of a terrible GPA - at that time, I was not an obsessed golfer like I am now. So I never made it out to Karsten.

I walked into the Pro Shop and was like a kid in a candy store. They had ASU shirts, gloves, shoes, hats, flags, bags, head covers - anything and everything. I got a couple of shirts and a cap, and met the other golfers in my group.

Thankfully the other players in my group had played here the day before - so they were able to give me all kinds of tips from their experience. 

The course is in great shape. The front nine is not very scenic, the nearby factories, power lines and water towers provide the backdrop. However, the magnificent campus stadiums provide the scenery on the back. Being a former Sun Devil, seeing Sun Devil Stadium as we came down the 18th fairway brought back many memories...

The course is pretty tough. There is a ton of water in play, and it is by far the thickest rough I've ever seen. It made it very tough to find your ball and even the shortest of chips were difficult. Some rough was 6-8" high.

Overall, a great bargain ($70), a fantastic Pete Dye design, and awesome views of campus. 4.5 stars.
Not a huge fan of this course. It's more of a 2.5 star rating since the course is always overpriced too.

I just don't get the love affair people have with the course. I guess it's the home course love Sun Devils give this place. I've played it several times and the course conditions have been average at best. I really don't find too many of the holes memorable and it's fairly boring for the most part.

They do have some good beers on tap and the pro shop is one of the better ones around in regards to the apparel and such they have available.

I'd like Karsten more if the rates were more reasonable, but with such high prices, I'd rather go to a more affordable and just as enjoyable course nearby.
I have been to this course a few different times.  The summer deals brought me in because it is a little pricey during the season.  

The greens and fairways have always been in good condition and I enjoy the challenging hills and strategically placed bunkers.  I haven't really scored well on this course but as a beginner golfer I enjoy the challenge this course offers. 

Water jugs on every tee is crucial for the summer months.
A first rate golf complex on the beautiful campus of ASU. The clubhouse is well stocked with ASU gear & serves tasty, reasonably priced lunches.
I haven't actually played here, but I've used the practice range many a time.  The staff is always friendly and the practice facility is amazing if not a bit overpriced.  It's a great place to work on your game.
Five stars for quality, green maintenance, hidden driving range and overall course design.  As far as the club house, I would say the kids there seem to be some problems.  

Summer time,
Best Wednesday Special $17.50 with cart! Wow.  
Clothing required, Collared shirt and pants, or khaki shorts.  Even for the driving range.  I was asked to put on a collared shirt  for the range, I had one but got the hint that I was not welcomed.  If your read this far I ask you to help save Karstin Golf Course.
Disclaimer: This review is only for lunch at the club house.

My primary colleagues in Phoenix love to come to the club house for lunch, particularly since it's just a short drive from their office off of University.  I've been here a dozen or so times in the last 2 years.  

We've always been promptly seated, even yesterday, when we needed a table for 9 and all of them were seemingly taken or reserved.  The service is just as friendly once you're seated.

Their menu has some great variety - salads, sandwiches, and southwestern flavored entrees.  My favorites are the flat iron steak salad (steak, avocado, sprouts, and potatoes over greens) and the vegetarian tamale.  The guys that I eat with rave about the tuna salad.  One bummer is that the lemonade isn't fresh (it's powdered).  You can't really taste it in the AP's, but you can when you're drinking straight lemonade.

The view from the patio is nice, even for a non-golfer like myself, so if they offer to seat you out there, I recommend it.

#Yelp365 - 168/365
A good, challenging course.  Great service.
Slowly becoming my home course since moving to Tempe! Practice facilities are great to tune up your game and the course is always maintained well. If you get a chance to play it mid week go for it. Having this course to yourself is a treat! Staff is friendly and welcoming both in the shop and out on the course. Only criticism is that it can be a little pricey for the green fees but its worth it. What isnt worth it is the price for a bag of range balls!
Fantastic summer pricing for a varied and challenging course.  Let's start from the top.

Plenty of space in the parking lot and bag drop area.  Pro shop has a great variety of gear and apparel, and all the ASU golf paraphanelia you could ever want.  The guys in the pro shop/clubhouse are also very friendly and will help you along your way if you haven't played at this course before. 

As for the course itself - I played in the middle of August so it was pretty darn hot - it is a gorgeous course that is extremely well maintained considering the heat of the summer.  Great bunker placement and stretches of water that add challenge and variety to your straight-then-dog-eared hole.  Scenery isn't much to look at, but who's griping when you can play year round?  Price-wise, I paid $30 for a full round and I believe that was a summer discount.  Not sure what their peak season price point is.  

Be warned that if you haven't been to this course before that the cart path can get a bit confusing at times, and watch out for the 9th/18th, as they tee off from the same general area but two different tees.  Wouldn't want anyone getting hit in the noggin. 

If you have an early tee time you can pop into the clubhouse for some lunch and cold beer afterwards.  The food is pretty good (but honestly after a round of 18 anything's goods), and there's probably fewer things in life that make me happier than drinking a cold draft from an ice cold mug that you can actually see vapor swirls coming off of, after a long round of golf!!

Overall, a great golfing experience from start to finish.  I think that anyone would enjoy this, from beginners all the way to amateurs.
Enjoyed a round of golf with good friends. The course was in great shape but after, we stopped in the Trophy Room for lunch. They have the best burgers in town.

I had the American Angus Burger with applewood smoked bacon. YUMMY!! All my other friends had the Albacore Tuna Salad, Southwest Burger and BBQ Beef.  All agreed it was a great lunch. No disappointments here.

Waitress was awesome, friendly and knowledgeable. Kept our water glasses full. 
Place was busy because of people registering for their tournament and the lunch crowd.

We'll be back again soon.
We did not play golf but had lunch at the Trophy room.  All I can say is WOW.  There is a chef in the kitchen and not a cook.  Amazing burgers, beyond fantastic.  Good wine, terrific service.  I don't usually plan a repeat visit but this place is on my list.  It was one of the best lunches I have ever had in the valley.  Beautiful views, uber clean, busy but not crowded.  A really nice place to go.  Prices are not cheap --- 10$ for a burger plate but worth every cent.  Go to restaurant.com and I am sure you can buy a coupon to save a few bucks.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
For my boyfriends 30th had Karsten setup a golf outing for him & 19 of his friends. They did such an awesome job. Thank you Karsten for making it a memorable day!
Nice course.  I got on for around $100, which I don't think is too much for a nice course.  Includes range balls and a cart.

Course is in very good shape, greens roll true, a nice test of golf without being too difficult.  Pretty straight forward - what you see is what you get.  Pace of play was about 4.5 hours, waited on each hole but not very long and not to the point where it was annoying.  

Beautiful 9th and 18th holes going along a big pond which splits the two holes and makes each tough.  ASU stadium is in the background on each hole and adds to the scene.
As far as university courses go, ASU's Karsten is a tough one to beat (though understandable given ASU's golf program over the years).

From the pro shop, to the restaurant, down to the service and the course itself; there's really nothing about Karsten that makes you feel like you're on a university course (save the trophy case and noticeable ASU logos everywhere). The course is well maintained, professionally run and the staff are very friendly.

I was able to take advantage of the unlimited golf deal, which was reasonably priced and allowed me to get in 36 holes in mid-January (which also included lunch within the price). Certainly a course I'd return to.
Great Pete Dye design. One of a kind in the valley. Why does it have to go away?
Better play it now. This will be gone in 3 years. ASU wants to make a parking lot for there football stadium in the future. What a crock!!!
This by far the worst decision ever by ASU. That's saying something.
I am officially tossing my golf bag in the lake when they close.
Why o why ??
Pretty solid track at a really good price.....great practice facility (I would go just for this). It is a bit of a drive from the center of town....

Arrived 1/2 hour before our tee time and the guys working bag drop and the club house were GREAT. They were able to re spike my shoes (a bit pricey at $20) before the round while we warmed-up on the excellent range.

Played from the silver tees at 6400 yards and it was a bit challenging, shot 86, but very playable.

Not a tradition desert course because there must be at least a million homes surrounding the course...and it doesn't feel like you are out in the desert, and limits the views of the mountains.

But it is spectacularly maintained, tee boxes, fairways and greens were all in GREAT SHAPE. Only down side is that it is a bit unimaginative with not much variety through the holes.

I will say the pro shop is very nice, dogs at the turn were EXCEPTIONAL, and it was a lovely experience.

A bit of a drive back to the airport (45 minutes), but I would return to play when back in the Valley.

Total - $150.00 (for two of us)
For the price, you can't beat this place during the winter.  $75 (after tax, including range balls) during January, when everybody else in the area is charging $200?  Yes, please!

Everything was in great condition.  Greens rolled fast and true, and dead spots were nonexistent.  It's not the most interesting track, but it's got enough variety to keep it fun.  Really loved the back nine, particularly #11, #14, and #15.
Pretty tight layout but interesting. Don't need a driver on every hole that's for sure. Plan your way around to shoot a low number. The course was in pretty rough shape (May 5th is when I played). One of the sand traps actually had some sort of burlap mesh showing through that is just waiting for someone to shatter a wrist on. They need to fill the traps with real sand for sure. And the driving range was beat, no grass to hit off of and the balls were in pretty rough shape. The greens were bumpy yet rolled a good speed, they didn't hold a ball at all though. When this is in the peak winter shape it looks like a fun course but I always though the greensfee's  were a bit steep. I wish I got a discount, I live a few feet from the clubhouse.
A very enjoyable desert course.  We had a fun here.  The ranger and cart girl were nice! The layout was excellent with the desert in play on every hole.  Being from back east, I got a rush trying to blast the ball out of trouble.  Of course, I failed miserably but who cares? The back 9 had more memorable holes than did the front 9.  All par 3s were interesting and challenging.  A few long forced carries over waste areas.  The course was green and lush when we played in mid October.  The only downer was a miserable woman swearing at my friend for driving his cart onto the fairway.  Bleep you if you read this review, sweetheart.  Overall, a must play for those wanting a good value on a course with a private feel.
I love legend trail and here's why.   From May-September it's $20 on GolfNow.  I can get there an hour or two before and hit balls and have the whole course to myself after 2 pm.    I love the range.   Greens at about 100 yards, 125 yards, 150 yards, 175 and 200.   It really helped my game tremendously and the range alone makes the $20 worth it.  Then you get out on the course and it's so easy, yet so easy to make difficult.   The first few times I went I was shooting around 78-80 from the 2nd to back tees.  After that I played about 5 straight rounds at this course without hitting a driver and wasn't above 73.  It's a course that you really need to think your way around.  You need to hit it straight off the tee and if you do you can put yourself in a position to score.      It helped my mid iron game a lot playing this course.  I can't' wait for next summer.   I will not play this course during the winter though.  If i'm paying $100+ to play 18 holes I need to be able to hit the driver in some spots.  Hitting Driver at this course will make you go through a lot of golf balls.  Great course.  Lots of fun.
Great course, Fair to all abilities and in great condition. Only bad thing is the kitchen closes at 4
I love Legend Trail for a lot of reasons.  It starts at the top with management.  They always have it together and they understand customer service.  You can always expect to get treated with respect from everyone there.

The practice facility is really great.  There is a large short game area with four greens and a really nice driving range.  Practice balls are always included so be sure to show up early.

As many people have mentioned, the course isn't all that tough, but if you don't play smart, it can eat your lunch in some areas.  

Also, if you play as a single, there are a lot of members and regulars that play here.  It's always been a delightful experience when getting paired up at Legend Trail.
Very fun course, difficult and affordable.  They keep this course very well maintained in the winter and super fun to play in the summer.  I would recommend this course to anyone looking to have a great time :)
Beware that the transition to summer grass is slower than at other courses and the fairways are rather bare now (June 16, 2013).  Add the inability for divots to grow back and it makes the fairways pretty ugly.  They are watering like crazy, so some fairways are closed to carts.  Greens are coming in a little faster.  This north Scottsdale location was 3 degrees cooler today than my Tatum and Shea neighborhood.  Breezier too!  Nice course layout and vistas.  Short and sporty.  If you've never played here before you'll enjoy the partial fairway views from the tee boxes.  Nicely constructed and maintained.  Elevation variations typical of a north Phoenix desert course.  The greens are spongy and hold well.  Great value, but wait for the grass in 2 weeks!  Water jugs on course are emptied by 1pm, so bring water.
I bought a coupon for $59 to play at Orange Tree and Legend Trail a few months ago. I basically just bought it to play at Legend Trail and get the Orange Tree round as a bonus. 

First off, this course is a long drive away even from the Scottsdale Airpark area. I don't mind driving this far if the experience and or value makes up for it. This certainly wasn't the case at Legend Trail.

The driving range had minimal grass that hadn't been mowed in quite some time so it was basically like practicing out of thick rough and the balls are pretty seasoned. Then when I was practicing on the chipping green, a maintenance employee pulled the flags out that I was hitting at and started mowing right in front of me. I was a little annoyed but wasn't going to let it bother me much.

Playing my round, the course was in pretty bad shape. They probably had aerated a few weeks ago would be my guess so I can't really hold that against them.

What did annoy me though was that I was having the same issues repeatedly with maintenance staff not showing any etiquette. I had multiple greens I was hitting into from 100 yards or less and the staff would not turn off their weed whackers while I was hitting. One guy on a hole was standing 5 feet from the flag and even saw I was trying to hit and he didn't even move! There were three weed whackers going around one green while I was putting too. On another hole, I was standing over the ball to tee off and three maintenance carts drove right past me. I have never felt like such an inconvenience to staff at a golf course. I wouldn't even expect that at a course like Orange Tree.

Not sure what Shane S was referring to about management understanding customer service there. I went in the pro shop afterwards to ask for a manager and the employee informed me that he was gone for the day and asked why I needed one. When I told him I was upset about the maintenance staff, he sure couldn't have cared less. I filled out an online survey letting the course know about my experience and never heard back.

All in all, not worth the drive out there. If you want a nice golf course and don't mind spending money, go to Boulders or Grayhawk. If you want a nice course but are more price sensitive, then go to We Ko Pa. It's just as far away, almost the same price for residents, and a difference of night and day for course layout, amenities and customer service there.
Overall, Legend Trail is a very nice track.

The course is well maintained, the staff were consistently friendly and compared to some of their peers in the area, the price was quite affordable for the quality of the course.

Definitely one I'll be playing again when I'm back in the area.
We just picked this place out of an Entertainment coupon book. Yes, we just went to some place because we had a coupon. Trashy, I know. But something good came of it. 

(I also found a Siena Bistro coupon on restaurantdotcom: http://www.restaurant.com/microsite.asp?rid=317919&mcn=00013609) 

So we had trouble finding this place because I'm a retard and I didn't know it was on a golf course in a residential area. And the building is kind of inconspicuous. I mean its not camo'ed or anything, but there's no obvious signage. Anyways its part of the clubhouse. 

When we got in, some guy was just like, "you can sit where ever" so we sat by the windows. We got a nice view of part of the golf course and some waterscaping. Yo man, it was like the National Geographic up in that place. We saw humming birds, ducks, and a heron. A motherf'ing heron! Our waitress said there used to be wild horses, too. My ass. 

The dinner menu we ordered from was surprisingly short. But looking at the menu online there's more of a selection. Did all four of us miss two whole pages of items? wtf, mate? 

Our waitress was really effervescent. She said she worked there because the food was so good. But I dunno if I belee dat because she was super skinny. 

Anyways, my mom asked for some recommendations on a wine. After she ordered, the waitress brought her a taste of something else before giving her the wine she ordered. Nice hard sell, lady. 

She dropped a basket of dinner rolls. They were really tastey, but hello ghetto. They were covered with what looked like a slice of melted parmesan cheese. Yeah ... But they were good. Shoot, I had two. Apparently they only serve bread on Wednesday and Thursday nights because those are the only night they're open late, 9p (psh). Otherwise they stay open to 7p. They open at 530a. 

Hard-sell waitress also convinced me to get the Toasted Pecan Salmon Steak Salad ($10) over the scallop salad and she told my aunty to get the pesto because its "swear to God, the best" she's had. I don't know if she was convincing or if we're easy. 

I asked her to ask the kitchen to undercook my salmon and the temperature was actually perfect. 

Mom got the Chicken Angelo ($15), a really good dish. It looks like spaghetti but its spaghetti squash with other veggies. I would've got that dish, sans the chicken, but its a big honkin' chunk a chicken. 

My aunty got the Chicken Pesto Orecchiette ($12) which was pretty good. It was a creamy pesto. I don't know. Pesto is pretty hard to eff up. Saying you have the best pesto is like saying you have the best rice. Yay. 

My cousin got the Surf and Turf ($25). One of the other waiters was like, really excited for him. Are these people new? Or does their employer just take really good care of them? I do need a new job ... Anyways. My cousin said it was alright. The surf part was prawns (looked like scrimp to me). 

For dinner my cousin got the ecalir. According to the menu, "The Best Eclair Ever." If its says in print its the best, you better bring it. Cousin said it was a'ight. Maybe it was the biggest eclair ever ... 

My aunty got the Bananas Foster, which was made "traditionally" where they light it on fire and let the flame cook off some of the rum. Presentation was nice. A scoop of butter pecan ice cream sits in a Florentine cup made of caramel and almonds. All in a rum caramel sauce (really rummy! Hello, DUI) with sliced bananas and candied pecans. 

Mom got Cajun Fire-Flashed Strawberries. Whole strawberries in a lightly spiced caramel sauce, with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. Okay, this was weird to me. The spice was just enough to make me think I was allergic to strawberries. Weird. 

We got there at 6 and didn't leave til 8. Service or the kitchen was slow and we were only one of two parties there. There was another server working, meaning we were our server's only party. There must've been something fun going on in the kitchen. 

But we got to watch the sun go down and we could almost see the whole strip. 

The whole vibe I got was we were paying more for ambiance than the value of the food. But the portions were perfect for me. And with three glasses of wine, three drinks, four entrrees, and three desserts, the whole bill was only $124 before discount and the tip. Really reasonable. 

I would totally bring my grandma, aunty, and mom here again. I would never bring my friends here. 

* off the strip, non-casino
It's almost the end of the month and we're trying to use up those Entertainment Book coupons.  The 2008 version has three coupons for Siena Bistro and we've been meaning to check out their menu.  Last night provided the perfect opportunity.

It's a bit tricky getting there, thank goodness for the Magellan!  But when you do finally drive up to this place, you'll feel so far away from the busy lifestyle of Las Vegas because after all, it is located on a golf course.

We did a quick check of the menu to make sure there was something we both liked and immediately found a few choices that stood out.  The waiter told us to sit wherever we liked, and the Big F was immediately drawn outside to the fireplace.  After initially seating at one of the inside tables, the waitress asked if we wanted to sit outside since she noticed the Big F had taken a peek.  

As we chose our table closest to the fireplace, the waitress quickly set up our table and brought a candle out.  We almost had the outside seating all to ourselves this evening, which was nice.  (The other couple that did sit outside were so engrossed in themselves that it still felt like it was just us!)

The menu had  a nice variety of choices, without being overly expensive either.  After we made our choices, the waitress asked if we wanted any bread and butter, which we immediately said yes to.

The bread took awhile, and we were starving.  But it came out warm - crusty cheese bread rolls with melted Parmesan that were pretty grub.  We each had two and asked for more!

Our entrees were soon to arrive.  We shared: 

* Peppered New York Steak ($19) "12 oz 5 blended peppercorn marinated bone-in New York steak, caramelized onions,  melted bleu cheese crumble, Garlic whipped potatoes, chef's vegetables, and drizzled with a delicate demi-glace."  This dish not only looked great, but had so many complementing flavors going on.  The crispiness of the fried onions, the sweetness from the caramelized red onions, the bold taste of the melted bleu cheese, the creaminess of the mashed potatoes, and a pretty tasty piece of beef with peppercorns hidden throughout the meal.  The asparagus and carrots also added to this dish.  I was pretty impressed with this order.

* T-Bone Lamb Chops ($18) "2 pan seared 4 oz T-bone lamb chops served with an herb roasted tomato, and white beans."  I think I was so focused on the lamb chops part that I missed the 't-bone' part on the menu.  (They also have Lollipop Lamb Chops on the menu too.)  So, I was a bit more surprised when my order came out.  Two chops sat on a bed of white beans with two herb-stuffed Roma tomatoes resting alongside.  The chops were good, but missed something.  It helped with the sweetness of the tomatoes, but I think the white bean concoction drowned out the dish.  It reminded me more of a cassoulet because of the white beans.  I thought the beans were going to be more of a side dish than resting on the whole plate. 

Service was decent, considering they were quite busy and we sat outside.  A lot of older people dine here, perhaps because of its location?  We wondered what it would be like during the day so you could check out the view which I'm sure would be gorgeous.

Overall, we were surprisingly pleased.  We saw a few other dishes on our way out and it looked pretty good.  We're still trying to find a way to squeeze in another meal there before our coupon expires.

3.5 stars.

(Pics of our dinner are posted!)
Discovered Siena Bistro last spring. It's been a favorite for breakfast ever since. It's lovely to sit outside and enjoy the view and peacefulness.

The frittata and eggs carbonara are great. Service has always been attentive. 

It's really a great value.
This restaurant is located in the Tuscan-styled club house and overlooks the beautiful golf course.  We both ordered a short stack of strawberry filled pancakes which were very light and delicious.  I used a 50% off a second entrée coupon from the citycoops website.
My mother lives in this community, so I've eaten here a bunch of times.  This time was no different.  The food is solid, not spectacular, and the service is predictably bad.  

Details of this last Sunday lunch:  
Ambiance:  Beautiful views of water, ducks, golf course and mountains.  Nice, bright interior.  Comfortable chairs.  A good place for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  

Service:  Server showed little/no personality, but that's not her job.  She was quick on the water (my glass was soapy) at first, but never stopped by to refill a single drink during the entire meal.  She really fell apart as the meal went along.  Before I discuss the food, it took 40 minutes after we ordered to receive our food.  (This is typical of every time I've been here.  DO NOT COME HERE IN A RUSH.)  This is acceptable for a fine dining restaurant, but not a cafe-style eatery.  

Food:  My salmon/blackberry salad was perfectly prepared and delicious.  My kids grilled chicken caesar was overcooked and completely dried out.  My gf's fish/chips seemed ok.  My other kid got the angus sliders (ordered without cheese).  The homemade potato chips were, and are always excellent. 

Service again:  However, I could see something yellow on my daughter's burgers from across the table and got a closer look.  The chef/cook had prepared them with cheese but someone noticed his mistake.  Instead of remaking them, they tried to pull the melted cheese off the meat and grilled onions (obviously failing).  When I pointed this out to the server and chef, I was asked "you're already getting a discount, what do you want me to do about it?"  This is a direct quote from yesterday.  I had purchased a coupon from restaurant.com (work perk - which rhymes, lol) and she was giving me crap for the coupon.  In the end, the sliders were taken off the ticket.  

This experience is no different than every other time I've been here.  I keep trying because my mother lives in the community and it's convenient and beautiful.  However, nothing has improved here in the three years I've been here (5-7 visits).  Food is 3-star, service is 2-star.  Prices are low, but not low enough for the frustration of every single visit.
On a nice sunny day, spend your afternoon lunch here!  This place is remote (on a golf course) and overlooks a nice open view.  With comfortable dining outside with misters to keep you cool on a hot summer day you will have the resort getaway feeling without the large vacation bill.  Try the nachos for a starter.  Well priced hot and cold sandwiches.  I had the enchiladas and they were very tasty.  Only serves breakfast and lunch.  Also, you can get a coupon on restaurant.com for your first visit.
I don't really consider myself a Golf Club kind of Gal. Never been turned on by the clothes, the men or the sport in general. That being said I chose The Raven simply because of the close distance to my house. We sat outside on the patio and the view of whatever hole we were sitting in front of was great.  The weather outside was gorgeous,  our waitress was super sweet and the food was pretty decent. 

I ordered the chicken club, and while not the most delicious one I have tried it was decent enough to warrant a second visit should I be in the neighborhood. Luckily for me I live within walking distance so I may just visit again. My date ordered chicken fingers, no surprise there, they were decent and he enjoyed them. Apparently they do a great breakfast/brunch too so I'm sure I'll have an updated review to follow.
What happened to The Raven Grill?!  Dining rooms half full early Sunday evening and all as-yet-unseated guests were directed by a manager to wait outside because they were "out of menus".  Once seated (one of three parties in the entire room) we apparently were invisible to the only waiter working the room. After just over 15 minutes of being completely ignored we simply left, but not before overhearing the phantom waiter tell a neighboring table he couldn't serve their drinks as ordered because "the blender broke this weekend". Verrado is too far a drive to risk another dining disaster -- we won't be back.
Nice place, but everyone there was extraordinarily rude. The patrons and the staff treated us like second class citizens simply because we are in the 20-30 age bracket. Ageist people are horrible to see, let alone interact with.

Aside from that, the room was nice. This place is significantly out of the way, so if you were planning on doing anything within Phoenix, stay somewhere else.

EDIT: We discovered a few days after staying here that they charged us for an additional night that we were not there. Upon contacting the company, it sounds like they do this to customers a lot. As a result, I have downgraded my rating.
Excellent food; excellent service; wonderful ambiance; view was very enjoyable!  We very much enjoyed our dinner here.
We stayed there last night to get away for Valentines Day with a "staycation". The room was booked through one of the deals on Travel Zoo and included breakfast. I think they kept most of the look from the Ritz in place. The service was good overall and I am sure with some more practice (they only opened on Friday) it will get more polished. 

The person at the Front Desk was confused about which restaurants in the Village allow you to charge to your room and she didn't take the time to tell us how we were supposed to go about obtaining the breakfast that was included in our rate.

We went to the lobby bar Firenze for a cocktail prior to heading over to the Village for dinner. We ordered a glass of wine & a strawberry mojito and the mojito came out made incorrectly. The server saw how we reacted after trying it and came over to inquire about the drink quality. We informed her that it was missing something and she said she thought the bartender forgot the limes, we agreed and she took it to be remade and when it came out properly muddled it was perfect!

Getting to the rooms involves weaving down a long hallway to the elevators but once you get to your room you will find them quiet & clean. BTW the towels were super soft. The bed and linens made for an enjoyable nights sleep. 

Overall I think that this hotel will be great for getaways for locals as well as people who are looking to have a different Vegas experience (there currently is NO casino located at Lake Las Vegas). I look forward to coming back when the weather is nicer and checking out the pool.
I'm so happy that this place has reopened.  This place is such a hidden jewel of Las Vegas!  Although the casino is not yet open again it's just such a joy to be aside the lake and the hotel grounds are so beautiful.  I hope this new company can make a go of this.  It's so wonderful it deserves to thrive.
I was looking forward to a luxurious spa day with my husband to celebrate our wedding anniversary. I purchased a massage and pedicure deal through TravelZoo and made reservations more than a month in advance, and I even called the day before to confirm the times, but there was still some confusion about our appointments. Luckily they worked it out with a smile, which is why I'm giving them an extra star. So let's start with the good: The spa was spacious and the staff was friendly and helpful. The treatments were pretty good. I had an 80 minute massage and my massage therapist was very attentive and gave me exactly the type of massage I wanted. The pedicurists were also very friendly and did a nice job. However, the spa itself is not as opulent as some of the other big resorts in Las Vegas. The jacuzzi wasn't hot enough, the steamroom didn't have that nice eucalyptus smell piped in, and there didn't seem to be anyone cleaning up the area. There were wet towels left in the shower. What really drove me crazy, was the lack of toiletries available. Most high end spas have the basics such as razors and toothbrushes out and available. Some even put out the spa products such as face lotions, masks, and hair products for guests to try in hopes they will buy them on their way out. The Spa at Ravella had none of this and guests kept having to ask the front desk for items. The bath products that they had in the shower were by Essentiel Elements and I found them to be very drying and not suitable for a spa in the desert. They also add the tip automatically and didn't give us the option of adjusting the percentage. Next time I need a spa day, I'll stick to the M Resort where they cater to locals and have the touch of luxury your expect from a resort spa.
Worth the money!!! My friend bought a special for a pedicure and Swedish massage for two and OMG it was so worth the money. The Ravella has great amenities and the staff was super nice. I will be going back for sure. Great stress release.
This spa absolutely has the potential to be a really high-end spa, but I feel like it's taken a step back from what it was under the previous Ritz ownership (which even then, hadn't really maxed out the potential of the place).  The location and layout is superb (with the exception of it being a little hard to navigate once you're in your robe and slippers within the women only area).  The waiting areas are plush, quiet, and relaxing.  The hot tub/cold plunge pool area is really nice - spacious but not overwhelming, and peaceful, with a waterfall in the plunge pool.  The steam room is also spacious, but I can't say that I've been in either of the rooms off to the left of the hot tub.  They offer some pretty great locals specials - I don't know if they're just for SouthShore/Lake Las Vegas residents or all LV residents, but it'd be worth asking.

Annie B has a very accurate point about the eucalyptus scent missing from the steam room (not critical, but for a spot touted as luxurious, it's an unfortunate oversight).  My mother frequents this spa due to her locals discount and love of facials, and supposedly, the eucalyptus scent is 'on order' but seemingly has been for months now.  

During my latest visit, I was also disappointed at the lack of toiletries available for post-spa treatments.  They don't even have body lotion in the locker room, which for being in such a dry climate was a real bummer.  The products available aren't very high-caliber, which again I agree with Annie B that it would seem like a prime opportunity to get you hooked on the products for sale (which are stellar).

I must give a special mention to my facial, however.  In itself, it was a 5 star experience.  I have never in my entire life escaped a facial without having to endure breakouts for the next few days due to gloppy product (promising to be 'hydrating' or whatever) or ineffective removal of one of the 50 products used during the treatment... until now.  This was by far and away the best facial ever.  I wish I remembered the name of the woman who gave me the treatment, because she was outstanding.  She discussed my skin with me, and inspected every nook and cranny before recommending a light chemical peel - which turned out to be absolutely the most perfect solution possible.  She was gentle, and despite getting a brow wax at the same time as my treatment, I left the room with hardly any redness or puffing, which has never happened to me and was such a welcome surprise.

I really hope that some of the details get improved, because the treatments and therapists are great - it's just the little 'extras' that you expect from the high end location and prices that seem to be missing.
Really enjoyed our stay and discounted package thru travel-zoo was awesome.

I do hope they do it again
 
Room with King Bed was wonderful & breakfast also very nice and the views are breathtaking

They do need a little better nite time menu since the village closes up early. Maybe after the Casino opens 

The staff was very nice from Felicia & Gloria in the bar to Steve, James  & Ashley at the front desk. Massages at the Spa and the whole Spa experience well worth the drive out from the strip
An all around crappy experience for us.  Constant mis-communications with the staff was just too much.  It was my first time in a spa, it was the day before my wedding, I should have been taken care if.  Instead, I was shown a door to a locker room by a woman who couldn't go in and off she went.  I later saw someone getting a full tour by a man and it made me wonder: what was different that he got the full explanation?  Why wasn't a guy available to show me the ropes?  Instead, I Ended up watching tv in the "relaxation room" for a half hour wondering what was going on or what i should do.  Boring.  Then aggravating.  Things were pretty,  but when/how do you use this stuff?  I would have loved to use the pool thing with the waterfall.  Eucalyptus probably would not have helped much in my case as I just chose to leave at that point without doing the massage or anything.  I won't even go into the details of the other issue we had, but just know that the staff upstairs doesn't communicate with the staff downstairs.  And the very LAST thing you want to tell someone after a bad experience is how they should feel.  As semi-locals, we won't be going back - I will send the wife to th M based on other reviews or have her try the spa at Loewes just down the road.  And for myself, I doubt you will ever find me in a spa ever again after this.

Update:  They sent us a very nice, very personal apology and two gift certificates for massages at the spa.  I gave them to my mom as I said: Never again.
Formerly the Ritz Carleton, this is a gorgeous building reminiscent of a hotel in Florence, right down to the recreation of the Ponte Vechio, but here everything worked. Lovely pool and the"lagoon" a white sand beach and cold pool.   Very helpful, attentive service, shoes shined overnight as in Bangkok and a great location right on Lake Las Vegas village.  The area has been hammered by the downturn in the economy but take the opportunity to get there without the crowds.  The casino reopens Memorial Day.
Where do I start?? We went for our wedding anniversary and I am 8 months pregnant, we were looking for something relaxing and enjoyable before our baby arrives. We got there and check-in was quick, super quick. Got up to our room, key didnt work......this was only one of MANY problems. From the key not working, phone broken, TV broken, ice machine broken, bath tub broken, we were ONE second away from walking away and never coming back. BUT....here is where we give the hotel 4 stars, Steve the Engineer, had it not been for him and his constant attention to making sure we were taken care of, Loew's next door would have had a new customer! We went from 2 different lovely rooms to an AMAZING Suite and when I say amazing, I mean one of the best they had to offer. We had a room overlooking the water on the bridge. Wow, we were definitely happy with that, I suggest if you stay there that you get a suite on the water, gorgeous views!! They even took care of our entire day by the pool, food and drinks and needless to say my hubby was guzzling the cocktails too so it was pricey. Then he made sure to come down to the pool to make sure we were taken care of and promised us the next time we came to stay he would take care of us on our next trip out to Ravella. 
The grounds were gorgeous, pool was nice and relaxing, food by the pool was delicious. We had our server by the pool (Tammy) and she was a ton of fun, constantly taking care of us, brought me little things because I was pregnant and always had a smile on her face. She also had us special made lunch by the pool that wasnt on the menu. I would say this place is going to be great once it gets out all it's little kinks and quarks. I think we just for some reason had everything bad happen to us in the first 5 hours we were there, but they way they handled the situation was very customer first and eager to please. We plan on going back within the next year and bringing our family as well. Hopefully we can have Steve help us with enjoying our next stay at Ravella. 

Oh and one more thing, on the weekdays the village stinks! We went to dinner at the Sonrisa (I think) meh...they recommended the fajita's as the "best" thing on the menu and my hubby and I thought I cooked better at home. By the weekend the hotel occupancy had picked up so there was a ton more going on. Two places I highly recommend going, tuti gelati, yummmmy! And also the Rocky Mountain chocolate's. Also tried the Black Pepper grill, service was awesome, food not soo good. I ordered lobster and it was $20 for 6 oz which was actually maybe 1oz and I got 5 bites, small ones. They took it off the bill it was so ridiculous to charge me for nothing. My husband ordered the bone in rib eye, yeah, they forgot the bone and his mashed potatoes were potatoes mashed with a fork with some sour cream thrown in, hard as a baseball......the best food we had was poolside at Ravella.
3.5 stars

Signs and directions IN the building were confusing. Weird. 
We stayed at the trump last year. Trump was nicer. The pool is better here. The room at trump was nicer, though it's nice here too. 
The exercise facility was very nice!  The village shops were half "closed" half "not very interesting". I never saw anyone eating in the in-house restaurant. 20-minute drive to good restaurants. The place seems and feels relatively clean and well-maintained.
Visited the spa in June.  We had a deal for a package and went with another couple we do business with.  What an amazing place - terrific staff. Great amenities. Lovely pool and great spot to grab a salad for lunch (and a glass of wine) in our spa robes. Terrific, luxurious, convenient parking.  I'd go back for sure - and I'd check into getting a room at the hotel as well.
The hotel is gorgeous! They have a pool and there is a lagoon next to the waterfall. Pool bar & grille was good too. 
Our room was great. Nice flat screen TV, refrigerator, balcony, bathtub and shower, 2 sinks, cloud-like bed. Didn't have time to visit the spa or fitness center. The Medici Cafe had a great breakfast buffet.

They are right next to the Village which is just shops and restaurants. Pizzamania is good but a little pricey. 

The only con was we waited over 40 minutes for our room to be ready. Check-in is at 3pm. We arrived at 5. Went into our room close to 6pm.
My husband and I went there for 4th of July weekend. Big mistake! I regret not staying at the strip. There are so many wrong things with this hotel, it became a joke at the end of our stay. 
1) The hotel has no signs, we were lost trying to find the lobby. We walked around for about 20 minutes with luggage and my dog. 
2) Guy at the counter was not very friendly. He also did not explain the extra charges made to our bank account and that they do a pending transaction until we check out. 
3) When we checked our bank account, the hotel charged almost double the amount of the booking. They said it was for accidental charges... etc. 
4) The service at the pool was AWFUL! Our packet included Pool BBQ beginning at 11am. We asked our server 3 times about it and what time it begun. 3 times she said it was at the pool, and kept walking. Another time she said it begun at 11am. Finally, around 1pm, we decided to order from their regular menu. When we come to find out we needed to order from her. She was never kind enough to explain to us how it worked. After we ate, we see the other guests finally ordering food as well. 
5) The so called Village has NOTHING good to offer. Sunday night most restaurants had no food by 9, were booked, or closed! How can that be! it's Las Vegas! 
6) The so called "Included Pool BBQ" was accidentally charged to our account. If I would not have said anything, we would have been charged for the food. 
7) "Welcome" letter for our weekend was not detailed at all! It makes it seem like there are other things included in our packet, but in reality we need to pay for it. 
8) Hotels buffet is WAY OVER PRICED! We don't even pay that much on a first class buffet that includes champagne. 
9) I kept hearing nothing but complaints from other guests. That only confirmed that I was not over reacting. 
Over all, my experience was not plea sent at all! That hotel has so much potential, but needs a lot of improvements. Beginning from management and proper training for staff. Good service is #1 any where you go, and this place clearly lacks good service. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone. I'd rather continue to pay a lot more if I will get treated kindly. My husband wanted to leave the first night we were there. 

When I booked on line, I thought of having my anniversary dinner there. After my experience at Ravella, THAT WILL NO LONGER HAPPEN! I would not want my guests treated the way we were treated.
The front desk staff may be the dumbest group I have encountered in all my travels; lost packages that were left for me at the front desk, trouble figuring out  my bill, not helpful in finding local spots/activities, and more non-sense!
We stayed July 4th-8th. We went to check in @ 3 and our lake view room was not ready they offered a garden view right away or we could wait for the lake view about 30- 45 min. We waited and ventured out for a bit. They called us went up to our room wasn't a lake view called the front desk and they moved us to a actual Lake View on the bridge :) super happy! We travelled with a 10 yr old and 8 month old and must say we loved the resort. Never had to wait for anything, even the restaurants in village. We were always able to get umbrella at pool and at beach. Very relaxing! Without all the hustle and bustle of Vegas. The only thing that we were not happy with was the last night there someone knocked and tried opening up our door at 2:30 am and said Engineering! I screamed and the man apologized. He couldn't open the door all the way because of the lock. He woke up my kids needless to say. My husband called the front desk and they apoligized and said they were changing air filters. 
Also after we checked out on our way home I really started looking at our bill and we got charged a double resort fee. I called about a hour after we checked out and again they apoligized and was told we would see a credit in a few days. I will be checking. So besides these little incidents... Overall Great family vacation place.
The hotel was easy to find, valet staff was very nice. Front lobby was perfect, front desk staff used our Groupon with no problems, explained what we would be responsible for, etc..finding the room was a bit interesting the first time or two..kinda weird set up. The room was beautiful with a view of the lake and garden below, only thing was it was 106 outside, and the a/c vent is next to the window. Totally wrong by design, so by the time the air reached us, it was about 80 degrees! We did not ask to be switched tho, we loved our room anyway! Staff was amazing, we had breakfast at the buffet, and relaxing drinks at the bar in the p.m. everyone was friendly and polite! We used the Spa and Tina gave the best massage I've had in quite awhile. Diane gave me a pedicure and was very friendly and pleasant to talk to. Checkout went perfect, we had no surprises! We wish there could be a bit more to do in the Village...all in all, it is the perfect place for locals to escape tourists (sorry!) and the Strip!
I heard about this hotel through SniqueAway.com, but booked the hotel months after the SniqueAway deal ended because I fell in love with the thought of staying at a place modeled after what seems like an Italian villa.

We booked the Lake View King  room for 3 nights and got the Summer Escape Package.

After checking in, my boyfriend and I walked into the perfect room: Large bathroom with his & her sinks, a luxurious tub, and a stand-up shower; a king bed with the softest pillows and mattress I've ever laid on at a hotel; a generously-sized flat-screen tv; plenty of space with chairs to lounge; and a small private patio with the promised view of the lake.
(I noticed a line of ants at the edge of our patio that did not seem to be going anywhere near our room entrance, so I did not feel alarmed).

We proceeded to unpack and settle in, marveling our luck and the beauty of the hotel. My boyfriend tried twice to get his shoes shined around 7-ish (a complementary service), but his shoes were not picked up. I found a few-explorer ants in the bathroom--after dealing the penalty for trespassing, I again ignored their presence. I went to lay down with my boyfriend on our bed as he surfed the net (with free wi-fi) on his laptop to find us a place to eat and we found an ant marching along his lap top. After killing it, we closely examine the bed to find a couple of dead ants on it. That was the last straw.

I called the front desk and after some consultation, the desk offered us two options: another room on the same floor that we had or a room 2 floors up, but its made to be handicap accessible. The desk asked, "would you like us to drop off the keys to your new room to you?" and I said, "that would be wonderful!" After gathering all our stuff we waited a good 20-30 minutes in our old room before finally going to the front desk with all our stuff only to find 3 staff members shooting the $h!t behind the desk. Turns out, they just stuck our new keys in an envelope and taped it to their desk...I thought they said they would bring it to us?...alrighty...

We view our handicap accessible room only to be sorely disappointed. After being spoiled by the beauty and amenities of our original room, we did not want this one. This was totally our fault...

So we go back down to the desk and ask to be re-assigned. By this time we are tired and hungry, thus we were irritated. The desk staff argued that we had wanted the handicap room--which we understood, but we decided we did not want it anymore (sorry! :/). She kept arguing with us until my boyfriend started to get pissed and I started to feel defeated. Eventually they gave us a new room on the ground floor--it again was everything we wanted. Although their service had soured our joy.

We went to eat dinner in The Village (a shopping and dining area that is only a few steps away from the hotel) and had a great time. We got back to our hotel at around 930 pm, when my boyfriend tried a third time to have his shoes picked up for complimentary shining...

Woke up the next morning and they were not touched--Fail, Ravella.
The breakfast that came with our summer package was actually really good! We enjoyed the selection of the food and drinks. Also staff was friendly.

I still have 1.5 days left here at the hotel--so we'll see what the rating ends up being...
The rest of our stay was quite pleasurable. The next two nights we came back late from the Strip and was met with very friendly and understanding guest service staff who also valeted our car. 

The fitness center was well equipped and fulfilled our needs (I'm a runner, my boyfriend prefers free-weights). The lady at the entrance was really nice as well.

The pool was a great temperature, the private lagoon was beautiful, and the staff was helpful! The small bar/cafe near the pool had good food and I became addicted to their pina coladas. 

Overall the facilities and the views were amazing! The service was shaky at the start, but definitely improved throughout our stay.
Ok I love Dolce Boutique hotels, and Ravella use to be the Ritze Carlton transitiionig into the Dolce family . Located right on lake Las Vegas the resort and Ravella Development is gorgous.  There is a Lovley  " village" mixed housings and shops, spas  as well as water sport rentals offered on site.  The minuses were they have updated their room decor much from when it was the Ritz Carlton in February . The minuses are the Old blowdryers, no bathrobes, on weekends Friday, Sat, and Sunday the " village" the European  cobbled stone styled retail and Restaraunt  those concerts that can affect the comfort of your stay and Ravella has no control over the volume they can only change your room or you'll have to sway with the music till it ends if your looking for shut eye. Would definatley recommend for couples and families , there's so much activities to do outside and around the grounds . The views are breathtaking and if you lov evenin romantic strolls this is the place but plan accordingly the heat can shorten you time spent out doors, so you may want to check out their Casino and try your luck there.
I'm writing this to warn potential visitors to avoid the Ravella and actually Lake Las Vegas in general. The entire area is depressing with very little activity (it picks up on weekends). Many of the shops in the village have gone out of business (or soon will). The Ravella is not a 4-star property-- more like 3.  We had horrible service here from almost every department. 

We booked a package and both the photos/description they provided as well as those on the Ravella web site make the area and resort look wonderful. We assumed since the hotel used to be the Ritz that it would be nice and offer excellent service, hence the reason we booked it. Having stayed on the strip most every other visit, we were ready for a change. I only wish I had done some research on the area first. Search the web for "Lake Las Vegas Foreclosure" and you'll get more information than you probably want. 

Here's a history of the opening of the Ravella. It used to be the Ritz Lake Las Vegas for at least 5 years. In 2009, the property got foreclosed upon (actually so did the entire Lake Las Vegas development). It is now owned by Deutsche Bank Group. Interesting note, this is the same group that owns the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the strip (which was also foreclosed on prior to opening). From what I've read online, the bank has no interest in running hotels but has been forced into it (no one will buy the hotels from them). After the Ritz left, the hotel was empty for almost a year before opening up under the Ravella name in February of this year ('11). It is now being managed by the Dolce Hotel Group.

As for the specific issues we encountered, I've posted a detailed review on TripAdvisor should you want to learn more about our experience. Yelp limits the amount of characters for its reviews.

In short, I recommend that you avoid this hotel as well as Lake Las Vegas in general. Don't make the same mistake we did.
I ended up getting a daily deal for one day and than heavens that I did because I really need to get away have a staycation you know what I mean?The weather was wonderful, the Village was quite beautiful,the front desk was great at helping me,the service at the pool was great.This is a great place to relax.When you are tired of all the partying and the noise from all the typical Las Vegas pool parties and you just want to seriously unwind then this place is it!
went there for spa service is it was excellent.

1. hotel is very pretty.
there's swimming pool, and a man-made little beach with white sands you can even see enjoy the lake view when you are in the water.

2. spa is nice. if you go on weekday, there's almost no one.
so I actually get to enjoy the entire steam and Jacuzzi to myself.

3. massage is amazing.
I usually don't expect to get good massage in a hotel. but Danielle is really amazing.

4. manicurist is very friendly. pomegranate pedicure come with a 
delicious pomegranate juice.

5. spa looks really clean
This hotel is Amazing. Just beautiful. It is a little way from Vegas but that could also be a plus for a get away!~ As soon as you get there you are WOWED on how beautiful it is. The only thing is, it is very hard to get any direction around the whole hotel. It pretty big and no signs or anyone to find to direct you , To the pool, shops or restuarants. But if your a wonderer and love to find things on your own, this is the perfect place. I do got to say I LOVE ,LOVE LOVE their casino. No real live card tables, but they got computer card gals and I love it so much because I WON and got free drinks all day. Doesn't get to crowded and the staff is really friendly. We will be going back but for a little romantic getaway but until then you will caught us again in Vegas... This hotel IS something everyone should experience at least once. It will blow you away!~
We reserved three standard rooms and all three rooms had dirty  carpets but the bathroom was clean and beautiful.  
Breakfast buffet was dissapointing but I think service was worse.  
Lounge area was beautifuly decorated but the cocktail server wasn't pleasant.
Ravella is a great staycation hotel with good prices.  Their food is amazing at the bar, their decor and atmosphere are second to none.  Unfortunately, their rooms were only mediocre and didn't have the feel I expect from a hotel of this caliber.  Let me explain.

First, the entryway is beautiful.  The drive alone is worth the trip to this hotel.  The bar and lounge is nice and the pool area is very chic.  When we finally found or way to the elevators to get to our floor, which felt like a maze, the room wasn't as pretty as it should be.  The refrigerator in our room wasn't even assembled yet.  The shelves still had packing tape on them from out of the box and wasn't even cold.  Putting it in a cabinet without ventilation makes the fridge hot because it's producing heat.  That was a minus.  The bathroom, although lovely, was smaller than I expected.  Having the shower in one corner next to the toilet and the deep tub on the other side is just odd.  The view was nice, though.  Unfortunately the bed was an old spring mattress with a mattress topper to make it comfortable, which did NOT help.  The bed was okay, but I guess after sleeping on a tempur pedic at home,  it felt weird.  The sheets were clean, the floor fine, but there was some dust on the lamp shades.  

Overall, the room was okay, but nothing to write home about.  

Nice hotel, great service, but a 3 star because I have experienced far better rooms in Vegas.
We went there on a romantic weekend. 

They have great locals deals too, it was $89 a night. 


The hotel is a beautiful hotel. The environment is so different from a typical Vegas experience, you really feel like you are somewhere else like CA.

The front desk staff was very friendly. The room wasn't quite ready at check in so we walked around. They gave us a package with lots of deals for food and stuff. If you join their players club, they give you the resort fee back in free play. It was $22 but hey, its still free.

The room was on the other side of the hotel and a bit confusing to get to.But once we got there. Wow, it was beautiful. The ceilings are very high for a hotel room. Makes the room seem all that more luxurious. They even have a mini fridge hidden in the cabinet.The bed was so plush, I just wanted to crash right there. 

The view was great too. We had a lakeside view and it was a beautiful sunrise.

The whole Montelago Village is like a European village, cobblestone streets, lots of curious little shops. A great break from all the busyness Vegas is.

We will definitely be back!
Quite simply this is the worst hotel I've ever stepped foot in. I had a business partner come into Vegas over Labor Day weekend...and he stayed here. When I went to pick him and his family up I was met by a valet that was rude, and a very unhelpful and downright snotty front desk staff. I walked into a room with marginally working A/C, a bathroom that looked like a teenager in a hurry cleaned it, and it kept getting worse and worse. While I waited for my people to get ready I walked down to the pool area, then out to the lagoon where I was accosted by a manager who quite frankly said if I wasn't a guest I needed to leave. No chance to explain why I was there, it was like this is not a public area, just leave. When I went back in to a hotel room that was at 93 degrees and looked at a bed that wasn't even sitting on the floor correctly I was like I've had enough. We packed everyone up, went out past the rude valet, got our own vehicles, loaded up and we left. I used my comps and put them up at Mandalay Bay instead...and the experience there was night and day compared to the Ravella. 

In short, this place was so bad, and the staff so rude and unprofessional that we walked out on them. We didn't bother to ask for a refund. This place just sucks. And the core reason why it sucks is the attitude of the staff and the management and the condition of the property. When you compare the Ravella experience to how you are treated when you go to Loews, just a short drive further into Lake Las Vegas you really notice the difference. Oh and if you walk outside....take the short walk down to the West end of the lake. When I was there a boat was dispatched to go out and churn up the water...because it looked like it had floating pieces of treated sewage in it. 

In short, if I could give this place NO STARS I would, because that's what it's earned.
We stayed here for a little weekend getaway and to enjoy the fireworks (they were great). The area/village is a bit quiet, but I enjoyed that. The CONS... The room we were first placed had a stinky shower (the pipes as if the shower hadn't been used in a while) and the couple staying next to us was super loud and smoked like a chimney. I called the font desk and we were quickly moved. (within 30 min we were in a new room).. No issues, lots of apologies. Also, no convenience shop. We needed cough drops and had to drive to a local CVS. The PROS.. Friendly staff (although a few of the staff need etiquette lessons). Gorgeous hotel, beautiful rooms, very family friendly. Loved the pool, the spa and the little lagoon. Well be back!
You gotta love Groupon...   Ok all editorializing aside....
The wife bought a Groupon for a one-night stay at Ravella at Lake Las Vegas.  We'd never been to the lake, and the $119 price seemed like a great deal as it included breakfast.  
Ravella is the former Ritz Carlton, re-opened as Ravella in February 2011.  We didn't know what to expect, and upon checking in, the friendly woman at the front desk was immediately puzzled by our Groupon as it "didn't match" the number she had in the computer.  Either way, she made it work, and issued our room keys.  We went to our room on the sixth floor, with a view overlooking the lake.  It was pleasant enough, but a chair in the room had an obvious stain right in the middle of the cushion, such that we had no interest in ever sitting on it.  My wife then recalled that our Groupon had included a "suite upgrade" and this room was certainly no suite.
Back to the front desk, different woman.  We inquired about the suite upgrade that was included in our Groupon. She tells us the upgrade is "only valid if a suite is available."  Not true, the Groupon clearly stated "including suite upgrade."  She checks rooms, and says "yes there is one suite available, would you like it?"  Now bear in mind, this is a Tuesday in September, the resort was absolutely deserted, we saw only three other couples there during our stay.  Her telling us there was only one suite available was, let's be clear, a lie.  Anyway, we say yes we want the upgrade.  
So now we're moved to the 8th floor (from the 6th).  Our suite was in the corner of the building, with the pool directly underneath us.  The suite was absolutely fantastic, oodles of room, and all the views panoramic and breathtaking.  And no stains on the chairs.  
We went down to the large outdoor pool, which, as the hotel was virtually empty, had only two or three guests utilizing it.  The pool was perfect, as well the Jacuzzi.  
So, in summation, I'd strongly recommend a suite if you stay at Ravella.  The included breakfast was phenomenal (see my review of Medici Cafe).  There are water-front activities available for those so inclined such as kayak and paddle-boat rental.  One caveat, we saw on the website there were "hiking and jogging trails" in the area.  Not so.  The "hiking and jogging trail map" available at the front desk simply tells you to go out on the main road and follow it.  Not really any trails, that was simply misinformation and we were more than a little frustrated by it.  Otherwise it was a great value and we will do it again!
Went to Lake Mead sometime this summer so we decided to stay at the Ravella. It's close enough to the lake and had boat parking which definitely helped.
The rooms are beautifully decorated, their bathrooms are gorgeous! 
Very clean and organized, had absolutely no complaints about the rooms at all.
It had a beautiful lobby and a nice pool area. Our only little complaint is the closing time at the pool! Also the closing time of everything at the Village. Didn't exactly get to party much that weekend... but it's ok.
Overall we loved this place and will definitely be back
Can I give one star? What a disappointing experience at the spa. Absolutely awful customer service. No gratuity was authorized, let alone warranted, yet sure enough 20% was charged.  Our 80 minute massages were shortened to 60 as some kind of punishment for being 10 minutes early instead of 45 as is the supposed requirement. News to us! Never once were we informed of this "requirement" although multiple people in our party called multiple times to confirm our appointments. We were celebrating a birthday so it was intended to be an enjoyable experience - as generally spa days are. The birthday girl was shorted treatments by her masseuse who also happened to be the spa Operations Manager. Nice, huh?  When we complained we were offered glasses of champagne and a $25 spa gift certificate. Which of course is just laughable - what is $25 gonna do?  And the final act was a surprise $140 gratuity charge - charged after the fact!  We don't plan to ever spend another penny there and you'll be wise not to either.
The Ravella was amazing, everything from the staff to our room and the hotel grounds extremely exceeded our expectations. My husband and I held our wedding at the Ravella. We got an amazing package that included use of the wedding chapel, spa services and hotel rooms. The staff and the wedding coordinator were so friendly and accommodating. All of our guests raved about the hotel and its amenities. We stayed in Vegas on Friday night and so many of our guests wished that we had stayed at the Ravella both nights. The guests that did stay both nights were glad that they did. The resort grounds are beautiful and the spa had great deals that many of our guests took advantage of. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody that wants to have a relaxing night away from the Vegas strip. It was also a great place to get married, the chapel was beautiful and the spa was super accommodating
We got ripped off....they tried to mea culpa...but not good enough!!

We bought a deal thru Travelzoo, Hotel, Breakfast and massage for 2.  The message never happened do to "miscommunication" on their part.  The desk manager himself made the appointment for us,,,,,but the Nancy the spa director, after finding out this was a pakage deal, treated us like hillbillies and offered 1 massage much later and 1 pedicure, half the value.  What an attitude!!!!  What a condesending hag! Her final offfer........this is it...take it or leave it.  

We had to leave it, we did not want 1 massage and 1 pedicure, we wanted the 'couples massage" that we were entitled to......now feel we would never buy another all inclusive package from Travelzoo....turns out to be bait and switch, and that hotel certainly would not be a choice again.

The mea culpa, was another night....yeah right!!, we are going to spend airfare/gas for 1 night....add to that the $22.00 resort fee PER NIGHT, food, tax, parking (1/2 hour from the strip) and it will COST us about $400.00 to fianlly JUST get the "included" massage! 
   Total RIP OFF!!!!!
I was really unsatisfied with the service there. The resort itself is pretty. Lake, village, mountains. Sure it was pretty. But from the second I walked in to the resort I was a complete inconvenice. The most helpful and friendliest people there was the accounting person on the phone during my dispute over a 400! dollar charge and a lady on the stairs I saw while wandering after my 6hr commute because my room wasn't ready ( got there at 6pm room was to be ready by 3pm). Thank you accountant lady and thank you lady on the stairs. 
Weddings looked like fun there but not a getaway for a lone traveler.
A nice secluded getaway.
The little faux-Italian village was cute, but it seemed a little empty.  In fact, the whole place had a little bit of a deserted feel to it.  It could have been the time of the year that we were there, mid-Dec.
The hotel staff was friendly, and the room was clean, except for the coffee-maker.  I don't think any hotel cleans those things.  I kept getting gross stuff in the water and gave up trying to make coffee.
The interior of the hotel felt like an Italian villa.  The exterior showed a little neglect.
For the price, it was a pretty nice place for a romantic getaway.
I love this place. Huge fan. I have stayed at Ravella twice (August and New Years), and both times it gave me a very weird, but peaceful feeling. Somebody mentioned the "Twilight Zone" in another review, and I think that is a good description. The hotel and its grounds are absolutely beautiful. It is a great place to just go and relax. Unfortunately, the effects of the economy are obvious. Ravella seems very underbooked, understaffed and The Village is full of abandoned storefronts. It is kind of depressing, but it is also very quiet, tranquil and beautiful so that makes up for it I guess. On New Years Eve though, The Village got a decent crowd. It was kind of eery. Like, where did all of these people come from? They can't be staying at the hotel! It's empty!

[Most of my "not so goods" are about The Village, not the Ravella itself]

The Awesome:
- Beautiful hotel, beautiful grounds.
- FREE WIFI! And it is FAST!
- Decent price.
- Very friendly and helpful staff.
- Ample parking.
- Beautiful views. First time we had a balcony over the courtyard, and this last time we had a patio with grass.
- Very peaceful. Feels high class to this t-shirt and shorts guy.

The Mediocre to Not so Good:
- Very difficult to get a meal or even a cup of coffee past 10pm. Only option is Harry's in the Montelago Casino. The few places in The Village that are still in business are not open after 9 or 10.
- Like many others noted, the AC does not cool the room, not even in the Winter.
- Paper thin walls.
- People were smoking in the room next door to us, a non-smoking room.
- The Village is pretty much deserted.
- Nothing to do in the evening.
- Far from the strip: shuttle runs too infrequently and ends too early.
- Bizarre layout; more like a mansion than a hotel.
- The Village has a sewage smell at times. It reminded me of the lagoon at UCSB.

The Terrible:
The New Years Eve package. The dinner and breakfast were both awful and not worth the money by a long shot. Beer and wine were free... but soft drinks cost $3.00 for HALF A CAN of Coke! I was not allowed to keep the remaining half of the can. So, it is $6 for a can of Coke. That being said, the Coke was definitely more expensive than the wine we were served. Even worse, they brought a child a FREE glass of Sprite. WTF? We left most of our dinner for the waiter to take back. Afterwards, the head waitress or whatever came by and asked us "We like to get feedback. What was your favorite part of the meal tonight?" My mom and I just looked at each other as we struggled to come up with an answer. I said "salad" and my mom said "the grilled vegetables." The poor dinner/breakfast really put a damper on NYE at Ravella.

This is a great vacation destination, but come with few expectations. You will need to make your own fun, or just relax. You can still go to the Strip and have some fun, but plan on spending the whole day there, and then come back and enjoy the peaceful surroundings. Despite the annoyances I mentioned, and the terrible NYE package, we will definitely return. 

BTW, this would be a great place for a romantic weekend, as long as your significant other isn't utterly annoying, because there is nowhere to run...
I just got back last night and cannot wait to return! 
My best friend and I decided to take a little girl's getaway before she has her baby... looked high and low for someplace that was going to meet our needs. We wanted to spend a day at the spa, we wanted to be able to gamble, I wanted to have some drinks.. after all, I'm not pregnant! We wanted to do a little shopping and just be able to relax and enjoy ourselves, but not be completely bored either. 

Upon arriving we were awestruck by the beauty of the property. It is HUGE.... And it was also EMPTY, but honestly, it could have just been so large that it just felt that way.. definitely not complaining. 

The service was incredible. My best friend and I both discussed that even though this was obviously a slow time of year for them, they were still fully staffed and we didn't have to wait or ask twice for anything. The Bellman/Valet was super friendly and helpful. Our bags were delivered immediately along with several recommendations on what the village offered. I was worried about checking in because this was a getaway package we purchased through plum district, but it went flawlessly. The woman at the front desk knew exactly what was going on and even asked if she  could make reservations for us at the spa... which we had already done.  We were upgraded to a lake view room and we also had a view of the village. The room was beautiful, and the view was great as well... all I could think about was visiting when it is warmer to make use of the lake! 

The first night we were tired from the drive and just had a quick dinner at the pub in the village and played a few minutes of slots in the casino. We made this a really early night. Day two we were able to make the short drive to the outlets in North Las Vegas, which is by the old strip. We had a wonderful day shopping and upon return to the hotel got ready for a fun night out. We had dinner around 8 and then hit the casino. Loving the blackjack tables with the virtual dealer! It was busy enough that we didn't get the table we were looking for, but had a blast at the $3 blackjack table. We had an awesome cocktail waitress, she was very attentive and I never needed to wait for a drink! 

Let me get to the BEST PART. The SPA. My goodness. First of all, the girls that work the desks were so friendly and helpful. We were the only people in the spa and the girls that work there weren't chatting in a corner to pass the time. They were very attentive and helpful. I wish they had more photos of the spa on their website, because it is beautiful. Probably the prettiest and most tranquil water room. The Jacuzzi was unbelievable, then they had a small cool water pool with a waterfall in it. They had a Tsunami Shower, a sauna and a eucalyptus steam room. Because my BF  is pregnant, she usually cannot sit in a steam room for more than 3 or 4 minutes because her core temp isn't supposed to reach 103 degrees..... but this was perfect. We could turn the temp way down and we are two girls at nearly 6' tall each and we could still spread out and lay down in this HUGE steam room. If you decide to visit the spa, let me tell you that Gretchen was my massage therapist and she was absolutely out of this world. We had an 80 minute treatment with massage, peppermint foot scrub and rosemary scalp rub. WOW. Gretchen was completely amazing. My best friend had the pregnancy massage with Laurie and she had nothing but the most incredible things to say. 

I know this is a long review, but, the resort was dead. I know it was playoffs weekend, and totally off season, but my fear is that my new favorite hidden gem will not get enough business to stay around. I want everyone to go to see how wonderful it can be. This is not a place to go if you need to meet a ton of new people and are expecting a club scene (unless they shuttle you out to the strip and you take a cab back)... this is a place to go to relax, have some fun and enjoy the group you came with. 

I absolutely loved the hotel and all of the people that worked there were beyond helpful. I can't wait to return!
Just came back from a one night stay at the Ravella at Lake Las Vegas.  Seriously, this is a strange resort.  Once you start walking around you begin to notice the fake lawn in the 'Italian' courtyard, the broken ceiling tiles in the walk ways,  empty storefronts in the faux village, etc.  My son and I ordered two sandwiches from the restaurant and he asked for a beer.  The waitress said they only served soft drinks and juice.  Not true.  Two other patrons were drinking beer.  We asked the waitress why them and not us she replied that she would have to go upstairs to get it!  The following day I was kind of itchy but was anxious to go home.  At home I found the itches were caused by little bed bug bites all over my belly.  Seriously, this is not the place to stay in unless you want to be be reminded of the bad economy that exists in Las Vegas, insulted by waiters and bitten by bed bugs.
**************SPA REVIEW************

This spa is gorgeous. It feels like a mansion. You can tell it was once a Ritz Carlton. The decor is all polished marble, ivory and classy. There are windows and palm trees. It smells like a spa and is just beautiful. The locker rooms are spacious. There are lots of showers, toilets, sinks. Like I said it is huge. The steam room, sauna, and jacuzzi are all in a medium sized room with a few lounge chairs. 

The receptionist was very friendly when we checked in. The therapists were professional. Again, I was shocked at how many treatment rooms there are. This spa could handle some serious business or conventions. 

My friend and I made appointments for a massage and facial.  We sat in the waiting lounge and enjoyed cucumber water and nuts and were so comfortable we just hung out in our robes after to chat.

I was torn between Spa Moulay at the Westin ( previously Loews) and Ravella. I toured Spa Moulay and let me just say this..... Ravella is the one to choose. (Spa Moulay at the Westin is a creepy, dark, smelly spa in the basement dungeon of the hotel).
Ok, so reading the reviews on this site for the hotel and its staff one would be scared off but please read on as many of them are undeserved and are just some emotional customers venting on having to pay a little to live the "good life" 

They do charge you $15 a day to valet park as a guest and people are upset as those who come in for dinner valet for free. 

I can appreciate that especially if you are too fat/lazy to park in the garage and walk the 1/2mile back and forth you most likely could use the exercise so cough it up or take the walk.

The room was fairly clean. No bugs were found but there was some mold in the bathroom. The AC unit was confusing but we did get the room down to 60 at night. The people who complained about that may have been upset about the daytime temp and Im guessing they had the window shades open.

The elevators are kind of confusing and Im guessing the hotel went through a remodel and the 2nd elevator was added to go up to the new floors. Even still there was never a long wait and everything worked smoothly.

The staff was very professional and helpful with suggestions. We were given $50 food credits but as many of the locations on site aren't affiliate with the hotel we couldnt use them anywhere. (We used it poolside on day one and then at the breakfast buffet on the final day)

Proof that we had a good/great time is that we were there for three days and besides sleeping we didnt spend more than an hour/two in our room being awake. 

This is/was my best "staycation" of the year and Ive taken about 4. I cant wait till I can be back.
After reading all the BAD & few reviews for this place I was about to cancel.  I am GLAD I did not cancel.  We came here for our wedding anniversary which was during the week 6/26/2012.  This place is beautiful I never knew this lake existed in Las Vegas.  It was very nice and peaceful nice to get away from everything and just hang out.  We walked around the lil village stopped at the cigar lounge smoked a cigar nice and peaceful.  Walking around the hotel there was hardly anyone there it made it feel like I was at my own castle.  LOL .............. the staff is very nice and friendly.  According to the employees here they said it gets a Lil busier during weekends! Most of the people we meet there were a locals that just wanted to get away.  It was a very nice stay for us.  Then we headed for VEGAS for the weekend!
You can totally tell this place used to be a Ritz Carlton. But it needs some major remodeling. Its kinda dirty and used, this is what I mean; you know when you used something so much it does not mater how much you try to clean it or fix its just done. Well that how I feel about the rooms in this hotel. I read the review of Katherine L, oh Katherine I've should of listen to you. The first night I could not stop itching for the life of me. After they change the sheets, I could still not stop itching. Very uncomfortable 2 nights. Also they have a white sand area with a small lagoon to swim well wen we got there that area was closed, that was a big bummer.

I do have to say that I really did appreciated their customer service very polite, even the maintenance personnel where very polite. The pool area was very cool, also if you go with your kids take them to the pool in the afternoon cuz they show movies for kids wile their in the pool. 

 Also if you want to go to the strip wile your in the Vegas area, just stay at the strip. The strip is like 20 to 30 minute drive from the hotel. In conclusion; its a nice place but, I really don't think its worth staying there I have no idea how this hotel is a 4 star hotel. I would think it would be a 2 star. Don't do what I did, listen to these reviews before you book a room. Katherine im going to listen to you next time.
The perfect staycation getaway!

For my husband's birthday last year we booked a standard room using a Travel Zoo deal. I called a few weeks ahead of our stay and asked if there was anything special they could do for his birthday. They told me absolutely and worked with me to plan a great surprise. They upgraded our standard room to a suite complimentary, and decorated the suite with banners, balloons, confetti, cake and more!  I told them my husband really liked spicy food so they prepared a bowl of specially made hot peanuts - wow!

Aside from the staff going above and beyond to help plan a great surprise, our stay was amazing! We each got a 50-minute massage and pedicure at the Spa, which was incredible. The pool is fantastic (not too crowded) and the food at the pool café was delicious. Also, Ravella is located right next to Monte Lago Casino and Lake Las Vegas' Village which has a variety of restaurants, shops, concerts and events.

We've stayed at Ravella about 5 times in the past two years now and will definitely back!
If you're staying here I hope you're in good shape.  Seriously, $215 for one night and it's a 8 minute walk to your room (yes I timed it).  
The good- the place is pretty, the people are friendly and the drinks I drank were strong.
The bad- the place is huge, in the 2 days I have been here I swear I've walked 10 miles between the trips  from the room to the lobby and one trip to the "village." The service (restaurants) is slow, painfully slow and the food is mediocre.  I waited 45 minutes for the bell desk to bring my luggage. When I called to ask where my stuff was I was told they only had one person running luggage up and I was last on the list.  You'd think with a "resort" this size they'd have more than one person running luggage, it wasn't even 8pm.  The outside is dirty, there's a bunch of bug nests on the outside.  The room won't get cool, and the hallways are freezing. Lots of bugs inside, we found 2 grasshoppers in the dining room.  The food is horrible, even the macaroni & cheese was gross. Lastly, 2 of the 5 lamps in our room worked, so it was pretty dark in there at night time.

Will I stay here again? BIG FAT NEGATIVE
The boyfriend and I had a nice time here for a staycation. Another reveiwer worded it perfectly you can tell it used to be a Ritz but it needs some cleaning up, it feels old.  I thought the staff was friendly enough. I had reserved the room online and added the upgrade which they are supposed to let you know if you get the upgrade when you check in. They made no mention of it, but my boyfriend asked and we ended up paying more than what the online price was. It was only a couple dollars hardly worth mentioning since total bill was over $200 for one night + room service. 

Sooo the room service...if you stay here DO NOT ORDER ROOM SERVICE. It was the worst meal of my life, fake smoke added to the bacon ruined everything on my plate and the eggs tasted like they were microwaved. The total bill was $60 for breakfast, strip prices, but at least the room service at most hotels on the strip is worth the premium. Again no point in complaining...my boyfriend will eat just about anything.

The bar in the hotel was fantastic, they made the best peach cosmo well worth the price! Very slow with the service though...The village is cute, didn't find much for food in the immediate area, however the cigar bar is definitely worth a visit. The casino was not much at all but somehow we still found our way there a few times during the night.  ONLY electronic dealers, come on now, but the BF did enjoy their selection of free beer while we were playing (losing). Overall might stay here again if we head out that way but need to save up $$$.
This hotel is nice enough but it's much more for the business crowd than staycationers or visitors. All the staff even admits this. It's a nice hotel but there's not much to do there and little in-hotel dining options, so if you're looking for a lot of quiet time and R&R this is the perfect place for you.

Would be a good staycation for Las Vegans if there is a major event going on at Lake Las Vegas such as the summer movie nights etc. Lake Las Vegas does not provide much entertainment outside of the special events.
I really really REALLY wanted to give these guys a positive review REALLY I did. The location and the property are absolutely BEAUTIFUL, however after 3 BOTCHED attempts at staying here...the most recent today. I will be leaving them a one star. First two times I stayed here they improperly charged my credit card and I had to call and demand they reimburse me for charges I should not have incurred. Well today I tried to reserve my room for a Travelzoo voucher that I had purchased for NEW YEARS EVE keep in mind that was the whole point of the voucher. I called and they had NO ROOMS available but them tried to sell me crappier rooms at an elevated rate. I informed the operator well since my voucher covered a much nicer room could I just settle for one of the poorer rooms as this was where my gf and I wanted to spend New Years. She refused. WTF? This place is like a ghost town every time you go there. I think they would be scrambling at any business they could get. Like I said I wanted to like this place. As a local I would love to tell people to go here to stay. UNFORTUNATELY this place has struck out 3 times in a row. Looks like I will be spending my money somewhere else as they have lost what should have been an easy repeat customer. EPIC FAIL

PS. Just booked a night at the Westin and paid full price. Thanks again for sucking Ravella and trying to ruin our New Years
Such a pretty view of the lake. lovely service and laid back atmosphere
I really like this hotel. I didn't think it would be that far from the strip though especially during those nights when there is traffic on the fwy going to the strip. My boyfriend and I came here without plans but if I really planned on walking around and doing things on the strip, I wouldn't recommend this hotel because it is milesss away from the strip. I got this offer from livingsocial for $79 a night. The "lake" can be deceiving. It is just a small body of water that one side of the hotel is built on top of. The "ravella" view is also pretty small. It is just a small courtyard with trees and bushes. For $79/night it was pretty cool but I wouldn't stay here again since there's not much to do around. The lobby/living room area by the check-in is beautiful though. It looked very upscale and it smelled like air freshener which I liked. It was very awkward because they offer valet but I could see my car and literally could walk about 20 steps to get to it.. My boyfriend and I just took the valet since he asked which car was ours so he can get it and it honestly took him 30 seconds to get it and park it in front of us. It felt so silly.. haha Oh and the walls are very thin. I could hear EVERY movement that the people next to us made. From walking, talking, their running water.. I could hear it all the way from our room. It was very uncomfortable trying to sleep when the couple next to us were ... busy doing their thing.. if you know what I mean. Awkwarddd..
I was a little skeptical about my "stay-cation" last weekend based on the yelp reviews, I take Yelp seriously- but I don't think it deserves the lower rating.  I very much enjoyed my two day stay here.  Perhaps the issue that people have is that they don't know what Lake Las Vegas is like nowadays.  Its not a place to really party and mingle with new people.  Its very quiet and slow because of the recession, but so nice! 
We had a lovely room overlooking the lake on the bridge.  I was able to walk out to my balcony each morning and feed the ducks.  The crown moldings, marble and chandeliers remind you that this was a Ritz.  The manicured garden in the courtyard opens up to the village- some nice restaurants and the casino.  
The only problem was the pretty long walk to my room, but it was worth it to be able to have a balcony overlooking the lake.  
A hearty recommendation!
Excellent spa. The customer service and the facilities were great. Cierria was my massage therapist and I was in heaven. I have been to many spas and this one is so far the best. Relaxation room, hot tub, steam room, dry sauna everything was great. Had lunch in private room off a secluded garden. Just the best way to relax. Will definitely go again my next time in Vegas.
WORST SERVICE EVER! There was not one person in  this entire hotel that we came across who didn't have an attitude or act like I wanted their kidney. There is a laundry list of horrible experiences from the checkin desk clerk to the wait staff to the bartenders And even the valet. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE EVER AGAIN OR RECCOMEND ANYONE ELSE DO THE SAME. 

Luna italian restaurant was even worse. The worst server on the the planet which was very sad because the food was good. Same thing for Harrys. I've never been more shocked at the things that came out of the staff's mouth than this weekend. 

At all three locations we asked for managers and never did one appear. We were told none of them were on staff. One employee even told me that it wouldnt matter anyways because the managers here don't care about the hotel or guests anyways and suck so need to talk to them! Who talks ab out their boss like that?!!! WORST PLACE EVER PACK A TENT AND STAY IN THE PARKING LOT. YOU'LL HAVE A WAY BETTER TIME!
It's a 5 star resort manage and maintained by a 1 star company. The deals they offer online to HS in the completely erong crowd. Really bad.

Hilton will be buying it in June. Try them around October. The mess should be fixed by then. 

The massage therapist Sonyi...tries to convert you to being a Mormon!

The girls in the pedicure section were outstanding! Loved them.

The spa and steamroom was nice but fairly unkept. Only plain water available. Rusted shower heads and pipes everywhere. 

The pool is great except for the absolutely low end chairs they are using. Apparently when this was a Ritz the good quality cushion chairs were sold off.

Art: it's completely missing from this hotel. Walls are bare and its odd.

Music: some should be playing everywhere for ambience! 

Checkout and fee's: absolute nightmare
Me and my wife recently stayed here for our 2 year anniversary and this by far is one of the best hotels I've had the pleasure of staying at! The staff was very accommodating and friendly! Our view over looking the lake from the balcony was like no other ! The room service was phenomenal! I ordered the Ravella burger and fries! They said it would take about 35-45 mins but it arrived to our room in about 10! Freshly prepared and exactly how I asked! I recommend anyone to stay here! Great room, Great food, great guest service, beautiful location what more can you ask for !
Amazing location and good service staff

From what I found in researching hotels, this used to be a Ritz that closed when the economy tanked Lake Las Vegas.  You can tell-- amazing property, fine detail, and superb features.  You can also tell it's not a Ritz anymore.  There is visible wear and need for cleaning; gardens have fake grass; very few service staff around; and a dead golf course on the way in.  

That said, the staff was very courteous and the concept behind the properties and location make you wish the economy had kept it going. The staff is very courteous.  Accessing the Village is a breeze with nice little shops to walk through.  The bed is great and the room quiet, accented by the occasional clock tower bells marking the hour.

Would stay again in a heartbeat and look forward to seeing the properties there continue improve.
I am a Vegas local and have stayed here on two previous occasions.  Both times were with Groupon/Living Social deals and I was very happy.

Fast forward to a month ago when I purchased another Groupon for a Spa package and hotel stay.  

The first time I called to book a date, I was told their reservation system was down and that a Supervisor would call me back the following day.  No call back.  I tried again a few days later and was told that they did not have the correct codes to book the Groupon.  I was also told a Supervisor would call me back.  No call back.  I again tried a few days later and was the told the same thing.  They did not have the correct Groupon codes to make a reservation?????   I was again told a Manager would be contacting me immediately.  A Manager did not call.

My next call was to Groupon.  I was immediately refunded my Groupon purchase and told that others had experienced problems as well.

Buyer beware.  Not sure what is going on here.  A shame really considering it is a really nice Hotel.
Hilton recently took this property over, and the transition appears to be proving rough.  The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms are comfy. However, there are some important things missing from the equation.

It is difficult to find one's way from the front desk to the elevators.  That sounds odd, but there are multiple halls and turns before you get to the elevators, and the path is not well marked.

Once in the room the first thing I noticed was the window covered with bird poop.  On the overhang above our window were multiple bird nests.  We just kept the curtains drawn.  The second thing I noticed was that there was no little binder or book of information about the property.  An unimpressive 1-page room service menu was there however.

Without a resort map in the room, I went to the front desk.  None there either, and they gave me confusing directions to get to the pool.   Once I finally found it, I was surprised at how small and crowded it was. I will not comment on the water temperature because of the high air temp.  But the combination was very uncomfortable.

My usual first day at an unfamiliar resort is to sit in the pool and order cocktails.  Once I found a place in the shade and got settled in the pool, I watched the two servers running around keeping glasses full for just about everyone.  After 30 minutes of unsuccessfully getting a server's attention, I walked back to my room and mixed my own drink in a large thermos.  I happily sat in the pool and sipped my beverage, clearly from the "outside", and not a word was said to me.

Back inside the hotel, there is only one option for dinner, and a different option for breakfast and lunch.  Breakfast and lunch are available at the $$$$ Medici dining room on the lower level.  Lunch and dinner are available in the lobby bar, which is very attractive and has a nice view of the gardens and lake.

When it's hot outside, as it was on the day of my visit, there is really nothing to do inside but drink and gamble, unless you are planning a wedding at the property.  We ventured into the casino.  Tobacco smoke and stale something drove us back out into the heat.

Happily, we found a great place for dinner, not affiliated with the hotel.

We'll be back to the restaurant, but not the hotel.  Sorry Hilton, I hope you got this place for a good price. It's a fixer at best.
This review was rejected by Travelocity, so I figure I'll never trust their reviews since they are "moderated" when you have something less than pleasing to post.
This hotel is located in a nice area about 20 minutes from Vegas. We had some issues with banging on doors early in the morning. When we reported it to the front desk their best answer was something like of "oh wow".  
The hotel has a pool. Not heated thou! We stayed in September and the weather was relatively hot but the pool was freezing so we could not use it.  
Overall it was a descent stay until we checked out. They hit you with around $25 per night on "resort fees" (not like they have any amenities to support this fees) 
I wish it would have been disclosed as we had payed in advance through Travelocity. So being that we stayed for 7 nights it was an expensive surprise. Their response was "it's the small print"
First of all I will say that I live near and WANT this property to stay and be nice.  Lake Las Vegas is amazing yet dying. It is very sad that locals don't support the area. The spa is very nice, does it need a little sprucing up? Yes but it is very nice and the staff is skilled.  I didn't like the resort fees as I do not feel at this time it is warranted. When we were walking through the village at night we were told we either had to pay for a ticket to listen to a jazz concert out by the lake or leave the village. When I complained to the Hilton I got not a single response. As we were being guests there we wanted to be able to stroll around until a favorite band started at the Irish Pub in the village. Instead we were made to leave or pay which we had no interest in hearing the jazz band and especially since they hired a bouncer to make people pay up and not stroll through the village. Since that time this summer most of the shops and the Casino are closed. It is sad because this is an amazing area. Hilton too bad you do not care about customer service we will be taking our staycations to the Westin instead.
Great service and food.
I recently had my wedding here this past weekend, the venue was nice, the food was good. However, I am very disappointed in the wedding planner nadine, she was very rude to all of our guest.  She was rushing everybody and running on her own time instead of ours, and stressing everyone out including me, the bride!
Have your wedding here!  Nadine is awesome, the food is awesome, and the venue is beautiful. You get a lot of bang for your buck too. We just had our wedding there and would do it again in a heartbeat.
This place is state of the art and fantastic! This coming from a girl who definitely doesn't golf and has only attempted the driving range once in her life. (That resulted in me being really sore for like 3 days.) My boyfriend works in the golf biz and we'd been watching the construction on this place like hawks for months. So glad it's finally open and so close to where we live!

We went during their soft opening last night. I know the first few days of a business being open can come with dealing with kinks, but all staff/service/amenities were completely up to par (GOLF PUNS!) and beyond. We were never left wanting for anything. Our gal came around plenty of times for food orders, drinks, refills and was awesome. She was also really knowledgeable about what they didn't quite have available on the menu, since they aren't 100% fully open to the public yet. A great touch. (Also? The bathrooms were PRISTINE.)

The food was pleasantly and surprisingly great. I had the nachos, which consisted of individual tortilla chips covered in "drunken beans" and topped with multiple cheeses (yes, queso dip is involved) and green and red jalapenos with servings of guac and pico for dipping. It was completely delicious. Boyfriend ordered the "mushi" (think mexican pin-wheel/sushi remix) that he said was outstanding and way more filling than it looked. I had two glasses of delicious and surprisingly strong strawberry/mint sangria that set us back $5 apiece. WHAT?

So, onto the actual reason of Topgolf: Golf games! Like I said, I don't participate but boyfriend and guys we were with loved it. It seemed glorious. You can either bring your clubs or used the standard ones they provide (for both men and ladies!) and choose between different games, i.e., hitting 5 balls in a row into each massive lit-up target on the range, hitting 1 ball into each target, distance competitions, etc. Each bay is fitted with a TV that follows your score and tracks your balls.

An aside: The view is freaking ridiculous. Camelback behind you, Talking Stick in front of you (which is all lit up in dancing neon lights now--I'm guessing they realized they have to make it look sweet with all the people staring right at the place while they hit balls.) All in all, this is such a fun place, and different than anything else available in the area for an afternoon/night out. Will it become super crowded/overrun with drunks during spring training? Absolutely! Will we totally enjoy ourselves during all other times of the year? Yes!
Flippin love this place!! I have always been the kinda golfer who likes cocktails and music when I'm out on the course. Topgolf is my kinda place!! A place where I can be competitive and enjoy some good cocktails, food and music. This isn't a golf course, but the way the range and games are laid out you really get the challenge of golf, minus the putting. Topgolf did a great job with it's staff and the food is great pub grub. Can't wait to take some more friends and family to my new practice range. Oh yeah, Talking Stick is right across the parking lot. GAME ON!!!
Imagine bowling and darts combined with golf. They serve food in here and it's golf driving range combined.  The food was delicious and I have a lot of fun with my mates. Recommended for hanging out / shooting the crap
The good: Very nice setup, amazing view, the chip ball technology, the game setup, TV's in each bay, music/lighting.

The OK:  Food was just OK, I can't help but relate it to being at the Brunswick Zone XL, it was good but not amazing.

The bad:  Price.  We were there for 2 hours with 3 people, we golfed and ate, it was $225.  I understand if we're on a nice N. Scottsdale course and we spend $100+ a pop for a round of golf and some drinks but to spend this much at a driving range just doesn't seem right.  I most closely relate this to high-class bowling and I can't see spending this much on a regular basis.

TIP:  Don't hit it too far, if you hit over the net they will know it was your ball that broke that car window.  This didn't happen to us but that is what they mentioned.  It seems impossible but a 250 yard high drive will do it.
Whether you want to 'play' or are serious about working on your swing and ball control - TopGolf is your solution.  The evening experience is a melting pot of the cosmic bowling atmosphere, games similar to darts, but with golf clubs.  Erin and Shawn have touched on this side of TopGolf entertainment in their reviews.

The daylight hours are a great experience as well.  Remember the old saying about mullets - "business on the top and party in the back"?  Some are there to have fun, but If you're there to seriously work on your game you will have service better than you'd receive from TCP, Troon or others  The staff are outstanding ( I've had six different bay hosts/hostesses and recommend Valerie or Victoria).   I'm there to work on my game, so the games have little value to me; however, they come in handy for when you are working on placement.  

Now, here's the rub - the pricing is really reasonable for the group of 4 to 6 looking for a couple hours of entertainment.  It's not for the individual.  But wait!!!  They have memberships that you can sign up for that the monthly fee is roughly equal to playing for four hours on a pay as you go basis.  They're broken down into three types:

1. EARLY DRIVE - $80/month and you enjoy unlimited range time from 9am to noon, Monday through Friday.
2. LATE NIGHT DRIVE - $100/month and from 10pm to close, Sunday through Thursday, you can play unlimited.  Spend 2.5 hours during this timeframe without a membership would cost you $100 bucks; so, its great for good entertainment on evenings other than Friday and Saturday.
3. DAILY DRIVE - $150/month gets you the unlimited play during the middle of the day to early evening, plus a bonus of $200 in credits towards other time slots.

You won't realize just how reasonable these memberships are until you go and experience TopGolf for yourself.  Whether you are young or old you'll have a great experience!
Such a great alternative to a bar! Being active or just hanging out people watching. Love this place, we will be back!
I've been waiting for something like this my entire adult life. 

Drinks. Golf. Gamification. Music. Culture. 

This place has it all. The food is very good, if not stellar. They've done an amazing job defining a menu that's both eclectic and modern. The corporate Chef really knows his/her stuff. Pricing is right in line. 

Now, for the golf. Handicappers on all levels have dreamed of a place like this. Grab a beer, an iron of your choosing and let the games begin. Pinpoint tracking of your ball down to the foot and inventive games preprogrammed for quick play. 

Looking forward to joining in their tournaments throughout the year. 

This place is 5 stars without hesitation.
Great atmosphere, amazing bars and golf and fun and games.  This is where I want to be when the world ends.
I've been wanting to try this facility out and for Fathers Day my wife and son set an hour session up online. We arrived to a big line waiting on the stairs to get in, to be told we had to buy a"lifetime membership".I thought that was odd.

 We waited for an hour and the other feature is they want your driving license, which they claim makes it easy to populate your membership into the computer. Not convinced about that. 

Once we were signed in we went to a third level bay. The hostess ran through the basics too quickly, but we figured it out. It was a lot of fun and a clever use of technology to track your shots. 

We ordered some basic brunch items which were fresh, hot and tasty. Cocktails are expensive. Beer not bad.

My wife thought it was $25 per person before noon, but that was 1 hr in the bay. Good value actually.  We had fun and even being outside in June, the mister fans worked really well to keep you cool. 

All in all a great experience.  We will go back in the evening and maybe they will get 5 stars. Good job so far TG.
This is a great place to go and hang out with your friends and family. Drinks are great, food is good, and a great time ! There are 3 tiers to drive from and as long as you remember that you want to score points instead of just killing a ball it's sure to be a blast!
I didn't realize it was opening week. Came here prime time, Saturday night at 730pm. Line was out the door and it was about 25 minutes, and it was just to get a membership card. The line died down a lot later, but I had to wait because I needed the membership card so I could go to concierge in order to put my name in for a bay. There's a hostess in front that answers your questions as you wait. At the time, it was an hour-1.5 hour wait, which was fine. We decided to hit up the restaurant while we wait. 

The server got our drink order and wanted to take our credit cards to open a tab but she was gone for about 15 min, and no credit cards and no drinks, evidently the computers went down, which is also fine. it happens, especially opening day. But because of the delay, when the drinks and food finally came, our bay was ready, which they let you know via text. So we told our server, which they will take the food and bring it to your bay. The idea is pretty good, but the execution needed work. In addition to our food being moved around, my friend ordered a steak sandwich well done, but it came with a stick that said well done but it was very very pink, like medium rare, so he sent it back, and it was made again and it was rarer than the first! So the manager came and apologized and remade the sandwich again, and it was finally well done, and they comped his meal. So, in my opinion, it's opening week, busy as heck, I understand it's probably like Hell's Kitchen inside, and the manager resolved the situation. So I couldn't give a full five stars on my review.

Entertainment wise - the place was great! After getting our bay, a hostess goes over the options, answers questions, and how to operate everything. There can be up to six people playing in a bay and no experience necessary. You just hit the ball and the closer to the target and further the target, the more points you score. I haven't been to a driving range in over 5 years, and after a few practice swings, you get the hang of it. It's just like bowling but it's golf! You have 20 balls to score higher than your friends. Afterwards, we played some pool, shuffleboard and xbox games. Great fun and I totally recommend trying it out!
Came here last night for the first time and had a great experience at TopGolf. From the second you walk in the door the staff was really friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable in helping you figure out how to get situated.

The facilities are incredible, and the bar on the main level is large which makes for a nice sports bar environment. They've also got billiards tables, Xbox Kinect, and Fooseball to make sure that even the kids are entertained when not hitting golf balls.

Having three floors of hitting bays is awesome, and I definitely recommend getting on the top floor. Being able to look out over the field and seeing the targets is really cool. This is definitely no "driving range", people that would consider themselves moderate to very good golfers should not need anything close to a driver when hitting balls here (okay, maybe the ladies but definitely not the guys). The experience is more about target shooting and racking up points in their pre-programmed games, not hacking balls as far as you possibly can.

I'll for sure be back at TopGolf, the entertainment value is high for everyone even if you're not into playing the links or taking swings at a regular range.
This place is the beez kneez! I am from Dallas so I used to go to the original all the time. Obviously like any business they learn as they grow. The one I went too didn't have lounge seating, didn't have free clubs at the bays and wasn't three stories. They get better every time! Kids love it, girls love it, everyone loves it. You have to check it out rather you golf or not.
Such a great time! Whether it's a work function or out with friends to let loose- you won't be disappointed! Amazing!
Had a blast. Came on a Saturday night, host said 2 hour wait. We only waited an hour. Management very attentive and friendly. Will be back again.
This place is awesome!!! Came here last Saturday afternoon with the boyfriend and we had a great time! 

Once we got settled in, we ordered drinks (I had the Strawberry Mule and the bf got a beer) and food (chicken with waffles and an order of the cheese beer dip with chips). 

The game was sooo much fun!!! I don't play golf and I had a blast. We played on the first level but next time we'll ask for the 2nd level.

We'll def be coming back this summer!!!
If your wondering what to wear, wear comfy, casual clothes and sneakers. Have fun!!
Top Golf was a blast. They have more then enough people on staff to make sure that questions are answered and that you have service at your tee area for drinks. Everything is reasonably priced. 

We went in the evening when the lights were on which was fun. Shot off the second story. 

Things to consider:
- Didn't know you have to have a lifetime membership first before reserving a tee. It's just $5, and I recommend doing it online before you get there. 
- With 6 people, one game lasted us about an hour. So figure out a good pace for playing.
I love this place! Such a fun thing to do any day of the week. Hit some golf balls, drink some beers. What's better than that? Not to mention the excellent service. It was my first time and I can't wait to return! Were thinking about buying a membership :) highly reccommend this place!
Way too much fun.  Drinks, couches and hitting golf balls.  Seriously.  Service awesome and experience awesome.
I'm not sure if this even deserves 1 star. What a disappointment!  This place always seemed to be packed and offered lots to do but I was completely disappointed after tonight's visit. I think the food was way overpriced even for Scottsdale and it was NOT very good at all.   I can understand paying $24 for chicken wings if they are really good, but really some were undercooked and with no flavor. The bartender has no clue, who doesn't know how to make an Irish car bomb?  (Order that 3 separate times and screwed up every time even after we tried to tell him the correct recipe after the first time). And with all the staff they have walking around the management was terrible and completely inexperienced. I spent over $400 in the 3 1/2 hrs that myself & 3 others were there and I will NEVER go back there. With the amount of money you guys make I hope you hire better, more experienced, knowledgeable people that can help you improve your establishment. I have to say that Cindy Lou & Austin from Mayland (on his name tag) absolutely made this experience some what decent for us though.
Whether it is for Brunch, Lunch or Dinner this place has been consistent!  I have enjoyed visiting Topgolf every time I have gone.  The place has just recently opened but it seems their kinks are getting worked out better and better with each visit.  I would suggest 6 people per bay because of space and time to play.  Food and drinks are awesome and well prepared!  

Word to the wise if your planning on visiting for your first time.. Go online to topgolf.com and register for a membership.  It costs $5 which is the same for in store purchase however, it will SAVE you A LOT of time.  If you register online you can walk in and they will print the membership card right away.  Just be sure to have you RE # from the confirmation email! 

This is a great place to visit for all ages.  I just recently was there with my twin brother and sister ages 4 and my 83 year old grandmother.  Everyone hit balls and had a great time!  Weekends are certainly the busiest so plan ahead.  Even in this 100 degree weather they have all the bays chilled with fans and misters.
AMAZING! We took our kids over the weekend.  One of our children has a life threating nut allergy. When we were ready to order we asked the waitress if they used peanut oil and she said she would check to see. Not only did she check , the chef came over to our table personally and told us what was safe for him to eat. AMAZING service what a great 1st impression! 
If you have kids and they are not really into golf as much as the parents request the 1st floor area so you can be near the game room. The kids could play inside and the adults can hang outside.
My only real problem with this establishment thus far is they over serve ppl. I have seen several men and ladies stumble out, one ending up with a broken nose!! Inexperienced bartenders not only need retraining on proper pours but a refresher course in basic cocktails. 

I love that they have Valet as it is too hot to spend forever searching for a parking space, with membership it is complimentary, just dont forget to tip! This one guy, John, he runs so fast to get my car I cant help but enjoy the view!! 

Tasty food, a bit on the slow side but those kinks will work themself out in no time.
This place is a blast! Great for parties, you don't even have to be very good at golf to have fun. It's clean, has great staff, and is easy to start and get going.  Price is decent, and it's Very accommodating for good golfers and beginners alike. Highly recommended.
Amazing atmosphere, food and games! Such a fun date night or a night out with friends! All staff are very helpful and knowledgeable. There are several games to chose from which keeps it fun! Cant wait to come back!!
Topgolf is a great facility with great staff. Great concept - makes golf fun for any skill level.  Definitely worth going at night even though the price is higher. Also try and get the top deck if possible, the view is awesome!!  We will definitely go again soon.
Whether you love golf, hate golf, or just suck at golf (I'm pretty much all three), this place is a blast.  I came here with my siblings for my Dad's birthday upon a recommendation from a co-worker.  Even my sister who never plays golf had fun with us here.  

Its not a course mind you, but a driving range with various targets located throughout the range.  The targets are situated at various points from as close as 50 yards to as far as 225 yards.  So no matter what clubs you use or even if you habitually duff your shots, there are still plenty of opportunities to get points.  You can bring your own clubs or rent clubs there.  You pay for a bay at the range by the hour (price varies depending on the time of day) and a computer terminal helps you set up whatever game you want to play with your friends.  We just went with the TopGolf game so we could just let it rip wherever we wanted.  The staff there are incredibly friendly and helped us with any questions we had.  Total cost for a two hour session at our bay on a Saturday morning was $50.  You also have to pay a $5 membership card fee if this is your first time here (once you have your membership card you never have to pay for it again).  Altogether we paid $30 in membership fees.  So split between 5 of us (we didn't let my Dad pay obviously) the total cost per person for our time here was $16.  Considering some actual golf courses charge that much for a single bucket of balls on their driving range, a pretty solid deal.

The driving range has three levels so there's plenty of space (though it was getting busy when we left).  Its shaded and has swamp coolers so its still useful during the summer.  There are also bars at each level serving booze and you can order food from your bay or at the sports bar downstairs (we didn't order any food this time).  If you have a big party or corporate function you could seriously spend hours and hours enjoying yourself here.

In the end my family had a great time and actually my sister beat most of us despite having little golfing experience.  Mark my words, I'll get her back next time.
Had a great time. Great service.  Too bad its in Snobdale I mean Scottsdale.  Some 60+ old man killed it for me while he was attempting to hit on me in front of his wife and my husband and son. Can't wait for the Gilbert location to open (where we live) to get away from the Scottsdale vide!!!
One of the coolest spots around and I don't golf at all. Awesome place, technology makes this place amazing, amazing server(Bali)  who gave me a vet discount and pushed me to the front of the line, delicious food and the MAN-mosa was great. I'll be back many times in the future
Great family fun!  Food is amazing and not overpriced.  Great place for kids and/or date night.
Last night I had planned a bachelor party starting the evening off at Top Golf in Scottsdale (Riverwalk). I had all the guests get memberships on TopGolf.com to save some time. Upon arriving there was a line out the door. I expected it to be busy since they opened recently. Fletcher at the membership desk was EXTREMELY helpful getting all my friends their memberships cards. We then were helped by David at the main desk and asked if we could get two spots next to each other to accommodate our party of 8. I had heard that it can take over an hour to get a spot but within 30 minutes David had fit us in and got us started. The whole experience was amazing and we all had a great time. Even my friends that had no golfing experience had a blast. I will be returning very soon and can't wait to try the other games we didn't have time for. I feel like the longer they are open the smoother the whole process will become but will recommend TopGolf to everyone I know. Thank you for making it such a great experience!
If at first you don't get in, try, try again! This is what I told myself after visiting the first time on a Saturday night only to learn that it was a three-hour wait for a bay (the private golf areas). The next time we tried to visit, we came at a down time and luckily scored a bay right away! I'm so excited to see a place like Top Golf come to the Valley. My only question is, what took them so long and why don't other fun entertainment spots like this open up more often!? 

Golfer or not, this is a really fun time and it's family-friendly so Mom & Dad can have a cocktail while the children play! It's like a driving range meets a bar meets a golf arcade. Now, if you are a golfer, you might never want to leave and if you aren't a golfer, this might kick start you into wanting to play. We had a lot of fun and can't wait to continue to visit, especially when the weather cools down!

Here's how it works. 

1. First time you visit, you will go to the check-in counter and buy a card for $5. This card will serve as your license to golf and that means you can bypass the first counter on your next visit. You will also pay for the first hour which varies in price depending on the time of day: $25 an hour (total, not per person) from open until Noon, $35 an hour from Noon-5 and $45 an hour from 5:00 until close. 

2. After you've signed up and purchase your card and first hour, they send you over to the concierge where they will set you up with your bay or put you on a wait-list depending on the time of day. 

3. Now that you're set up, you can head over to your bay and start to play. The bay comes with golf clubs and a private area with couches and misters so even if you don't want to play, you can still hang out and watch! 

4. The bays run by the hour, so when your hour is up, you can pay for another half hour or hour right at your bay, making it easy (and pricey!)

5. You will get your own server at your bay and they offer a full bar and full menu of tasty food.

*** If you just want to come and drink, they also have a full bar set-up so you don't have to rent a bay. ****


Tips:

1. If you're a golfer, you can bring your own clubs. 

2. If you like to play with a glove, bring it with you. 

3. Wear comfortable clothes. 

4. You don't need golf shoes but I suggest you wear closed toed shoes. I played in flip flops and it wasn't very fun. 

5. If you don't want to play golf, you can still hang out with your friends in the bay while they play.
The actual golf was fun, that part I enjoyed.  The problem I had was with the service in the bar.  Two friends and myself decided to eat lunch inside before heading to the bay to golf.  We promptly placed our order at that's where everything went downhill....

-after 30 min I had to flag someone down to bring us our waters and drinks
-after 60 min our food showed up w no silverware or napkins.  We asked for some, and received 1 set....yes, we had to then ask for two more sets.
-we then asked to speak w a manager, who asked what we wanted, let us explain what happened, asked ZERO follow-up questions, said "thank you for the feedback", and walked away.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!!!!!!  Nothing, no empathy, no apology, no interest in digging in to what happened.  "Thank you for the feedback".  

Like I said, I enjoyed the golf experience, but would never step in that bar again.. Great Customer service is a culture you foster,  and if the mgrs. don't understand it,  why would the servers?
First time and had a blast here a few nights ago. Very unique and interesting way of making golf a bit more fun. The building is beautiful inside and out. Staff was very friendly and helpful, considering they've only been open a few weeks... Golfed for 2 hours, ordered food and drinks with our server, delivered right to our private bay! Fun and practical business concept, I'd love to go back and I'm sure this place will continue to grow in other parts of the valley.