The "Supreme Master" is one of my favorite restaurants in town.  The menu is entirely vegetarian with many vegan options.  

My favorite meal:
three-striped vegetable soup, a spring roll with sweet and sour sauce and kung-pow beef with brown rice.   Mmm, mmm good!

My only complaint is the the restaurant is often very quiet and the wait staff is VERY quiet and reserved.  Still, it's a great place to bring a group of friends and have a good time.
We went and were really surprised at how good the food was. J got a "seafood clay pot" and I got the "Ginger Duck". We also got the "Shreded Pork roll". The Pork rolls were amazing - hands down one of the tastiest things i've had in a while. Turns out that my husband could not eat them due to the peanuts hiding in there, (note to Allergy people) but he got a good taste of it and agreed that it was good. His dinner was the best - the "seafood" having the right consistancy (something that felt like squid, a "shrimp" that was very close to shrimp flavor, and something that I swear tasted like the chinese sasuage from my youth - yummm!) and the sauce tasty and not too salty. My Ginger duck was too salty - the consistancy was ok, but the salt was just too much. After dinner, we ordered the Flan (which was the main reason that we came here in the first place). Sadly, like many veg/vegan restaurants, the dessert was awful. I think the "flan" was agar agar with some applejuice and some brown rice syrup. It was WAY TOO SWEET and looked (and felt) just like snot. Totally non appetising - icky jellowish texture. Service was a bit slow..but I think they view it as "laid back". The atmosphere was lacking as well - bright lights, cafeteria feel. I'd higly suggest for them to bring in more plants, paint the walls something other than pale pink, and tone down those overhead lights. This is not a date spot - just a good place for tasty food.
A typical outing to the Veggie House with my girlfriend  looks like this:

-Start with hot tea and vegetable soup
-A small order of absolutely delicious spring rolls
-Two entrees...usually the House Special Chicken and Broccoli Chicken

Have you ever gone to a restaurant repeatedly and ordered the same thing every time?  Seriously, if I had the eat and drink the above for the rest of my life, I'd totally be cool with it.  This place is golden in my book.

One time, my friend ordered the House Special Dinosaur.  When the waiter gave a confused and funny look, my friend explained that since it isn't really meat anyway, it shouldn't matter what you call it.  Try it sometime.
5 Stars! just because it's the only place I know downtown that caters to us vegetarians in such a creative way. The menu alone will really impress anyone that enters. They have over 60 vegetarian items with fake meat or tofu. It's crazy to imagine what you can try next. 

My favs are the eel, sweet and sour pork and lobster...

You must try it to believe it! I take all my friends vegetarian and meat eaters.
It was nice to have a vegetarian restaurant relatively close to where I was staying!

I started off with the Assorted Platter appetizer, which came with three different kinds of mock meats served on a bed of shredded cabbage - I think it was ham (or duck?), chicken and deep fried eel. All were good and it actually creeped me out for a second thinking that it was real meat (well, at least the texture did).

For an entree, I had the New York Veggie Chicken - it was poured onto a hot plate at my table before being served, which produced a sizzle sizzle effect. It was okay - the mock chicken was good, but the dish itself was average.

I ordered the tofu cheesecake for dessert - very tasty!

I'd go back again for sure, there were so many delicious looking options on their menu...
This is one of our old favorite standards, and I'm constantly amazed at how many meat-eaters enjoy it too!  

We usually try to go for lunch because we love the lentil soup they serve that only comes with the lunch combo.  We usually order something of the same...springrolls and either lemon grass chicken (excellent!), sweet and sour pork, or New York chicken.  Today we were adventurous and tried one of their new menu items, the garlic chicken....wow...it was awesome!  I think it just replaced the lemon grass chicken on my favorites list!  We also checked out their chow mein so we could have some veggies and it was very good as well....a great combo.

They have recently changed the names of their menu items, which I think might be confusing to people because some of the names don't have anything to do with what the actual dish is!  But don't be afraid to ask, the staff is very friendly and they won't be afraid to recommend a dish to you.

The only thing I hate about veggie house is that they are closed on Sunday and Monday!!! =(
Definitely a must-try! The building itself isn't much to look at but the parking lot is always full and that's a great indication of yummy-ness. It caters to both meat and veggie eaters with fake chicken, duck, and beef plates. They also have mock seafood plates as well. 

My friend and I went to check this place out because we had heard so much about it. She ordered the lemon grass chicken and I tried the ginger duck. Both were so tasty and we were kinda freaked out because they tasted just like the real thing. The service was excellent and kudos for the waitress who kept filling up our waters...even AFTER we paid the bill. It's reasonably priced and the food portions are perfect. We even had leftovers.
My god, paint the freakin place... It's incredible how many places don't get atmosphere... I don't want to eat at K-mart (nor do i want to shop at K-mart). What does a few gallons of paint and some decent lighting cost anyway? And update the bar! It is sad when a business owner loses that spark.

Alright, had a few pills... mellowed now...

The food is good - not great - but certainly a paradise of selection for all the vegetarians out there (must be 100 items on the menu). The pricing is amazingly cheap (maybe they could add 10 cents to each dish for paint). The menu threw me at first, as each dish is described as chicken, beef, shrimp, etc.. with a small disclaimer on the front of the menu that they are meat-substitutes.

Anyone else want to donate some time to help spruce this place up (yes, it bugs me that much).
This place is a vegetarian mecca and a lot of the soy meat is gluten free which is a huge perk for people like me. The atmosphere could use some work but the food is good and it is priced well. They have fresh juices and a very healthy vibe. The service is always good and it is never super packed. If you have veggie friends that haven't discovered this place it is a gem.
I found this place right after they moved to the current location, which is a true shame, as that address had neater doors (if I was at the right place), which probably led to a more comfortable eating space than the current General Hospital Cafeteria feel. 

I started taking my orders to go, and have been much happier for it. The staff are friendly, if a bit cold. I don't mean to be offensive or impolite, but I find the looping spiritual lectures on the television in the "bar" (waiter station) to be off-putting, along with the waiters' intent concentration. I think they might have paintings by her on the walls, too. And a portrait. I hate the 1987 dining sets, and I don't like the plastic table coverings. I wish they served wine, but I guess it's probably against their beliefs, so I feel weird about complaining. 

The food is so good, though. I love the stuffed tomatoes, nice texture, and the hot and sour soup is both hot and sour. Sizzling rice soup is also quite good. If you eat in, they deliver the fried rice and you can put it in and hear it sizzle. The tea they serve in the dining room is also missed by taking my food to go. The lemon chicken and sweet and sour pork are my favorite entrees, but I also like the duck and eel selections. The shrimp are so realistic, if not a spot on imitation. I do not particularly care for the juices they serve, but no entree has been unsatisfactory in the years I've been going in. 

I just wish they delivered and had better hours, but I guess it isn't their thing.
Tasty, even if you are not a vegetarian, you will like this place. The food is great, it is inexpensive. The atmosphere is a bit lacking, but two out of three ain't bad.
Its always good times to find an all vegetarian spot in the valley of the sun and Vegetarian House is a supremely awesome spot indeed. I was a little worried when I first opened the menu and there were Chicken, Seafood, and Meat entrees. Then I was assured that they were all meatless.

I had the Ginger Duck and it was like eating duck! Unreal!

The decor needs some help but the food is why I am there.
I have eaten at the Veggie house several times. The food is good, but the service is normally pretty slow. Do not head here if you are in a rush.

I normally get sweet and sour pork. Pretty tasty dish. I have tried some other things, but did not particularly care for them.

This is predominantly Asian based, and pretty heavy dishes.
I used to crush this place when I was veg. It's run by a cult, but if you can get past that it's in the house.

The lemon grass chicken almost had me convinced they were lying about it being vegetarian.  Service is relaxed not slow to clarify on other reviews.

It is especially good to hit up during lunch... really cheap then.  They also sell a lot of their faux meat products if you want to do some home cooking.

Rock the lemon grass chicken and the house chicken they are spot on and safe for non adventurous eaters.

PSA- they're closed from 2:30-5pm between lunch and dinner.
I'm not a vegetarian, but this food was really excellent. We order a ton of food! I'll start with the things we didnt like so much or found odd. I didn't really like the spring rolls which tasted bitter for some reason and the fried rice tasted like it was drowned in soy sauce. It was so salty none of us could eat it but I talk to the waitress and they brought out some more that was just excellent. Also, the Sweet & Sour "Pork" w/ Pineapple had really, really nice flavor but a strange chewy texture. I would order it again because the flavor was good.

We also order the Family Tofu, steamed broccoli, steamed rice, some kind of "chicken" and noodles, and wonton soup. Also, we tried the cheesecake and YUM!!!  All of these were soooo freaking good... OMG! I totally crave this place now!
I've eaten here three times since last year's first visit, and everytime I do, I promise I won't wait longer next time.  Yet, it's been months since my last meal here.  I wonder why?  Maybe it's bec. Phoenix has so many good finds!  A coworker of mine constantly speaks of the lack of good eats in the valley.  I tell him "Nonsense.  You just have to be willing to look!"  

The 7th Heaven (?) salad is delicious, and I love the lemon grass chicken.  Mom wouldn't believe that the "lobster" leftover she raided was vegan.  

Wished management would improve the atmosphere, though.
I have been to better vegetarian Chinese restaurants, but the lunch specials that I tried were good (and cheap).  The faux meats suffer from what the squishy sponge like texture that plague many asian vegan places.  The sweet and sour was drowning in sauce, that didn't have enough flavor.  The chow mein though was really good, though being a carb-lover, I think the noodle to veggie ratio needed to be bumped up a lot.  Service was efficient.
This place is awesome! I love it. The wait staff is very casual about everything (don't go if you are in a rush). The hot tea that they serve you is my favorite! The "meat" and "seafood" dishes could really make you worry that you are eating meat. The stuffed tomatoes are delicious as well as the sweet and sour pork, I also really liked the lemon grass fish. I took a friend who was a Janeist (VERY strict diet!), and he wouldn't believe that it wasn't meat, lol.
The restaurant itself is oddly yet plainly decorated, which always makes me want to come in and give it a makeover whenever I eat there. The service is also slow but the workers are always friendly.

With that said, the food is great. I had the broccoli chicken and the texture and taste was so close to real meat that it was unbelievable. The flavor was great and authentic as well. The ginger chicken is also really delicious and has a nice potent taste. The cheesecake is incredible, it's almost my favorite part of eating here. Even if you're not normally a dessert person, I recommend trying it.

I wish this place wasn't as high priced as it is but the food is definitely cravable and worth it.
The food is fantastic.. who knew you could have so many crazy vegan substitutes for weird meats..  the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (the last time I was there there was a tv showing some sort of religious figure speaking for about an hour) but the food totally makes up for it.
Some dishes are good, some taste like they came out of a can from the Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.

The heaven rice rolls might be my favorite in town, and the lobster dish is fantastic (definitely agree with kate - doesn't taste like lobster, but is delicious nonetheless).

Free tea is always a really nice way to start a meal, too.
I find this quirky little place adorable.

It's one of those rare vegetarian restaurants that offers meatless meat. You veggies out there know what I'm talking about: the spongy soy-based "meat" that both fascinates and repulses us.

My husband and preschooler, omnivores both, really enjoyed their meals.

Definitely one of those spots one must try at least once.
I don't have much to add, but this is a great restaurant.  Like other reviewers, the only reason that I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the atmosphere is a bit lacking. The food is very good. 

The one thing that I might be able to add is that the cheesecake dessert is  very tasty. I recommend it.  Oh, and one more thing, you can phone in your order and they do a good job with takeout service if you are ever in the mood for takeout.
lemongrass chicken, house fried rice, pork rice rolls, house noodle soup.

that's all i need to say.  i will fly to arizona just to eat any one of those things.

and to see david.  he's the next best thing about veg house.
On a recent visit to Phoenix, my vegetarian boyfriend and I were told that this was the place to go.  At first he was excited to have an entire menu to order from.  We ordered spring rolls, hot and sour soup, general tsos and....I can't even remember what I got.  All of the flavors were bland and even though he asked for his general tsos to be extra spicy, it didn't make a dent in the scoville scale.

The tea was good and the staff were helpful and quick.  The atmosphere very relaxing.  We really wanted to like this place, but left extremely let down.  Hope your experience is much more satisfying.
Great food, creepy cult atmosphere. Ministry tape is on ALL THE TIME...it's just weird. 
The food is really good though order ahead and pick it up to go.
Visiting from the San Franciso Bay Area, very impressed to have this veg oasis not far from our hotel.  We arrived only 10 minutes before they stopped serving lunch, and they had everything ready really quickly - about 10 minutes:  rice paper rolls, lemongrass faux chicken, a vegetable curry chow mein, and brown rice to go.  The lemongrass dish, while a bit meager  -- 13 bite-sized pieces of deep-fried yumminess on a piece of lettuce -- was really tasty.  The rice paper rolls were uninspiring.  The chow mein was okay.  The brown rice was exceptionally good.
I'm not a vegetarian, but who can honestly resist any manner of hash slung by a CULT? A cult right around the corner!!!  You dont even have to travel to California.  I came in with a good attitude, ready to acknowledge ( if not worship outright) all appropriate deities - but left a bewildered non believer.  

We endured baffling service, and it pains me to say it, because there was not a hint of rudeness. Just communication obstacles that I suspect involved more than language. To make a long story short, we had no idea what we ordered, despite numerous attempts to probe our waitress for such rudimentary information.  It was comic, really, until the food arrived. 

My mother's Vietnamese entree was more a Greek tragedy of inedibly chewy mock chicken (she had asked several times for something easy to chew). Mine was better, but I've forgotten what it was.  The Seventh Heaven Salad was ok (more like third or fourth heaven) and we both liked the cup of complimentary chicken soup. That was a nice touch, and something we could all understand. 

It took several minutes to communicate that we wanted a knife. I ordered  Thai iced tea, which unbeknownst to me was 'code' for ice water. It's hard to get too mad though.  Despite the confusion, it's about the cheapest sit down restaurant around.  People seemed nice, in an interplanetary way. We had what amounted to a disappointing pot luck, and the service was extraordinarily weird. 

Bon appetit !!
Uhhh...when is this place open? I can't find hours anywhere and for a 3rd time we tried to go here this past weekend and again.....not open. WTF?!? 

I am a Vegan living in Phoenix and need to get in here! It's wrong that I have not been here at least a handful of times but everytime we have tried(Friday evening, Saturday afternoon, Thursday evening) over the course of the last 6 months it has been closed. 

It got 2 stars instead of 1 because it's a vegetarian house in Phoenix, nuff said.

Maybe someone will read this and open this place espcially for me so I can stuff my face and change my review to 5 stars, that is what I am hoping for anyway.
Ah, the veggie house. 
The complimentary tea is excellent. I do understand the language barrier being and issue with the waitress on staff. I've had the problem a few times. However If you end up with David he takes very good care. 
Three strip soup, Lemongrass chicken and the spring rolls are big favorites of mine. 
The service has always been on the slow side and I've never gotten out of there in under an hour. 
I never realized it was a cult I just thought they had an real admiration for the woman on the wall, whom I figured owned the place. 
Anyways I've always found it peaceful not creepy and find it excellent to calm and eat good food for good prices. My omnivore friend begs and pleads to go to this place whenever we're together which speaks volumes to the tastiness.
I wish I could give this place five stars, I really do. I've been to all vegan (this place is no, but is close) Chinese restaurants in NY, Philly and Boulder, and was hoping that this would be similar.

It took us three tries to even get to eat here, as they have odd hours to start with, and seemed to be closed sometimes when their sign said that they should be open.

The first time, we were the ONLY people in the whole place, and it still took us 45 minutes to get served, and another 20 from when we were done until we could get our check. The second visit, there were other people there, but there were more servers, and it took, no kidding, over an hour to even get our soup. AN HOUR.  Our tea pot and water glasses were empty long before that.

The food? It's ok.  It's not amazing, but as a vegetarian, it's nice to know that you can eat anything on a menu. The Mushroom Hot Pot was ok but a little bland. I liked the steamed dumplings, but the sauce was a bit odd.

Don't forget the odd TVs all around the place playing interesting cult-like clips about Supreme Master Ching Hai and his biddings. Which is kinda cool to begin with, but when you're sitting there for an hour or two, it gets a bit old.

I really wanted to like this place, but I can't. We won't be going back unless they get a big overhaul.
Of course this place gets all stars from me.

Lemongrass chicken is probably my idea of Grand Master Flash Heaven. Speaking of Heaven, also try the Seventh Heaven Salad rolls thingies.

Service is slow but by the time I think about it I'm too busy concentrating on the infomercial/yoga session video of the Supreme Goddess Master on the big screen, who never seems to age. Maybe they just switch her out when the last one dies.... Plus there are ALWAYS weird-looking people sitting nearby who order it up something ferocious, and it's fun to discuss what they could possibly do for a J.O.B. with those white-people dreads.

That is not to say that service isn't good, because it is.

I couldn't believe it, but someone who went to the Veg House with me actually decided right then and there that he liked tofu. He had never had it before that day, save for a few nightmares, which is just unfair.

I do wish it were open more, though. Kind of a PITA to drive up only to find the place locked.
Cult vibes + delicious lemongrass mock chicken. I try to avoid meat substitutes in general these days but Veggie House holds a special place in my heart.
One star for the massive headache I got after I ate the food... MSG?  Not sure.
FYI: I just passed this place Saturday, May 15, 2010 and it is now a LOVING HUT chain restaurant.

I used to looooooooooove the Vegetarian House's Lemongrass chicken. Salty but absolutely hard to tell it wasn't meat. Great stuff. Hopefully, they don't change the recipe but I'm guessing they will.
The food is excellent!!!! Lemongrass chicken is by far my favorite dish. The fried rice is also delicious. I'd give it 5 stars but here are the drawbacks: odd hours (sometimes they're not even open when they should be by their own hours) and long service times despite an empty restaurant. The TVs are always playing bizarre stuff but interesting. All that is well worth the quality of the food though.
Took a bit to find this place as I had always known it as the Vegetarian House. Same idea, smaller menu. The service is slow and a bit confusing at times, but friendly. I thought it was a bit overpriced and between an appetizer, and two entrees the Lemongrass chicken was the only thing worthwhile. I'd go back for the lemongrass chicken but I'll probably do take-out next time.
If you're looking for vegan food, this is probably the best in town.  They used to be called the Vegetarian House, but they recently changed the name.  For those of you who really enjoyed the Vegetarian House of old, don't worry.  This is still the same place run by Supreme Master Ching Hai--it's just that the chain has changed names.  The food has changed very little.

The dishes here still have the same high quality and wonderful taste that they always had.  Their lemongrass vegan "chicken" and fried rice are just incredible.

And yes, expect to be bombarded as usual by the normal Ching Hai tracts on her publications and on video.  For more about Ching Hai and her "Quan Yin" method, see here:  http://www.godsdirectcontact.org/ .  For other viewpoints on Supreme Master Ching Hai, see here:  http://www.rickross.com/groups/suma_ching.html .

Regardless of your viewpoints on the Supreme Master, the food here can't be beaten for freshness or for taste.  Highly recommended.
If you're looking for vegan, this is NOT the best in town.  Sure, everything is vegan, but it's lots of fake meats, some odd flavors, and horrific videos playing on the wall of vegan propaganda.  

As a vegan, I choose to eat my lunch without a side of animal-slaughtering videos.  The best thing on the menu: Mu Shu Vegetable appetizer (so good!).  If you're willing to spend a little more, venture over to True Food or even Whole Foods which have lots of vegan options.
I never made it to The Vegetarian House and decided to try this location again once Loving Hut took over the space. 

We went on a Friday night, the space was clean and white if not a bit to stark (adjusting the lighting would work). The food was similar to the other dishes I have had at other Loving Hut locations so at least it was consistent.

The only problem I saw was the service. Everyone seemed to be trying hard and remained friendly while at the same time appearing very scatter brained. We noticed people flagging down waitresses as soon as we sat down so we knew something was aloof. It just seemed to be that they didn't have everything together, like it was opening week or something. Things took awhile and you could see the frantic pace to which everyone was trying to get things done, yet the restaurant was a 1/4 full.

Maybe they will iron out some of they service issues, the food is still good although the menu is a bit tired - or I may just be tired of it. I should be thrilled with another vegan restaurant in the valley, but the more I sample vegan cuisine outside of Phoenix the more I crave more of that here.
Love love love love love this place! I was so impressed with their BBQ Baguette yesterday that I had to go back and see if it was a fluke since I usually can't stand faux meats. Today I had their house fried rice and it was also delicious. The best thing about LH is the fact that they sell their veg meats in the stores (along with some of their sauces and an interesting looking seasoning). So the BBQ veg protein I love so much, I now have a bag of it in my kitchen and my waitress even explained how to prepare it (it's a TVP kind of protein so you just rehydrate it).
My husband and I had lunch here today. The service was very slow, which was unfortunate, because it was not that close to work or home for us. They did offer us a complimentary lentil soup, which was delicious. The water was lemon-and-lime-infused, and the tea was surprisingly strong for the delicate color. 

I ordered the "Spicy Cha Cha" (Yam-based protein, red & green bell peppers, green onions, celery, spicy seasoning, lettuce; $7.95). I had no idea what Cha Cha was, or what yam-based protien is, but what I was served looked and tasted exactly like fried shrimp. It was salty and I'm sure it was a few more grams of fat than I'd prefer, but my, it was delicious.

My husband had the Hawaiian Burger (Soy patty, vegan butter, pineapple, teriyaki sauce, mushroom, lettuce, tomato, vegenaise, French fries; $7.95)He said he'd definitely like to come back.

I'll echo what others have said about the stark white decor and the flat-screen monitors with the propaganda, although I didn't really see anything offensive. The annoyance factor just increased because of the long time we had to wait for our entrees.
Since The Veggie House turned into Loving Hut, I have been twice, and am very delighted at some of the positive changes that have occurred.

The space itself is much lighter, and I feel more welcome by the staff. I also like that their food selection is WAY less greasy and has more of a focus on health.

I have tried the spicy cha cha twice (it is actually yam protein breaded to look like shrimp) and it is FANTASTIC. I have also had the raw salad, sweet and sour pork, fried rice, one of the noodle soups, and the stuffed tomatoes. All were good, but the stuffed tomatoes could have used a little more flavor. Great portion sizes.

They do not serve alcohol, but have some really fun concoctions to drink. Try the "Pink Lady" or the delightful "Sunny Forest."
Tonight I tested out the new Loving Hut. I grabbed some To Go, and honestly it wasn't as good as it had been previous times. : (
While I didn't see any of the slaughter videos mentioned in more recent review than my last one, I did notice the extra tv running the normal Supreme Master info. 
The new layout is nice, but I liked the food from before, my sweet and sour faux pork is now labeled "sweet and sour divine" and has bell peppers that it never had before. Three strip soup has been taken off the menu completely (they did make it for me though :) I'm hoping it'll be better if I dine in next time, but for now I'm fairly disappointed with the new Loving Hut and left missing the Vege house.
A little different, and quite healthy.  Plus open until 9 p.m., so I am a fan.  My favorite is the fake beef.  I liked the BBQ beef, and the Mongolian sounds good too. The curry was mild, but tasty.  The service is warm and friendly, and she even pointed out the favorites on the menu.  I like when waitstaff has an opinion about the food, especially when the food is unfamiliar.  The veggies are crunchy and the sauces are not too glooey,  too sweet or salty, as some Chinese sauces can be.  It would be nice if they turned down the lights a bit so it feels less like a school cafeteria.  The video promoting veganism and a supreme leader are heavy handed and well, frankly, weird. But hey, the sounds is low enough, and you can sit with your back to the screen and forget about it.
Great option for vegetarians although meat eaters might not like the mock meats available....Many mock meat options; I had garlic "chicken" and the GF got spicy chachas, a yam based mock meat dish that looked like breaded shrimp.  It was very good!  Also got wonton soup which was just like the real thing...I recommend this place if you want a more Asian alternative to green!  Just ignore the strange videos of the guru playing....
I drive by this place every day...and I was honestly scared to go in until I got a tip from a very reliable source that this place was delicious. I tried simple, sweet and sour chick'n...it was SO GOOD. I told myself I wouldn't become a vegan fast food junkie but this place makes it hard to keep that promise. I came back today to try the Hawaiian burger and it was good. I might do without the pineapple next time...I know that's what's so Hawaiian about it! I just don't like baked fruit...freaks me out...  So with that said, go try it, even if you're not Vegan; a healthy cruelty free meal will do you some good :D
The Loving Hut is among my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. My boyfriend and I like to go there as much as we can. The staff are friendly and helpful, the decor is unique and the Supreme Master TV is interesting, and if you don't like it, it's never too loud and you can get a table away from the television.

For appetizers, my favorite are the Summer Rolls, but the Spring Rolls and the Moo Shu Vegetables are delicious as well.

My favorite entree is the Sweet and Sour Divine, but I'm also a fan of the Philly Dream sandwich, the Stuffed Tomatoes, the Sage Lemongrass, the Noble Broccoli and the Clay Pot Sensation. My boyfriend is also big fan of the Ginger Seaweed Ocean, but it's not really my thing.

The cheesecake is pretty good, my boyfriend really goes nuts over it. Also, the pink lady is pretty good, but I usually get water because I'm poor and water is pretty delicious, though tragically underrated.
All Hail The Supreme Master

I've always been a meat eater. Love, love, rending cooked or raw flesh from bones or bite size bits from the tips of forks.

Was totally amazed that soy protein cooked properly can be just as good,  if not more tasty than meat. If I could eat like this every day I would be a vegetarian; no BFD!

The Food at Loving Hut is delicious, the atmosphere intriguing; WTF is the supreme master? She's this righteous chick that loves baby animals and thinks vegan lifestyle rocks, and that you should drive a hybrid.  Call it a cult, then call Mormonism a cult...oh you do?  Well it's not that culty, and it's more personality than anything, along with great healthy food!
As a vegan for over 10 years, i hate to NOT support a tried and true vegan restaurant in phoenix. But i have to be honest and say that this place did not live up to my expectations. In fact, it fell quite short. I ate at the Glendale Loving Hut location and had a FAR better experience there, so my review here is only for the Phoenix location. By all means, DO go to the Glendale one! It has a different menu and completely different atmosphere.

The phoenix location on Indian School Road has a very drab interior, and very outdated. White metal chairs that looked like they were from the '80s. My first impression walking in was not a good one, and that is important to me. Definitely not a soothing relaxing atmosphere by any means. Also, there was a bad odor in the air. Almost smelled fishy to me. It almost made me lose my appetite to be perfectly honest. 

Ok, now on to the food. I got the Grilled Teryaki dish. By the way, did i mention prices are also higher at this location? $9.00 was the cost of this dish -- for lunch! Prices are a couple dollars less at the Glendale spot. Anyways, the faux meat in this dish was fine -- nothing to write home about, but it was "good". However, my complaint is that is ALL it was. Just a big pile of fake meat, and a small portion of lukewarm steamed vegetables on the side with no sauce or marinades on them. Just plain vegetables, and they were getting colder by the minute. Not really what i had in mind for lunch and certainly not worth the $9.00 plus the tip. I guess i should have gotten the rice to go with it all, but that was extra money!

The complimentary lentil soup was a nice touch, but i've had better lentil soup that i've made myself. The soup too was only lukewarm, and very small cup size portion.

The only positive i can say is that the waitress was wonderful and very friendly. I feel bad writing a bad review, but honesty is my policy.
From the outside, a strange looking place with a cryptic name. But inside it's a different story. 

Vegans should be enamored by Loving Hut (I'm not vegan, but occasionally enjoy a vegan meal). The menu is as vast and diverse as a Chinese vegan menu can be. The "proteins," a.k.a. soy chicken, soy beef, and soy shrimp, should win oscars for best actor. Their consistencies and flavorings were great. I started with the fresh garden rolls and had a the New York stir-fry chicken entree. Both were fantastic.

The service was also a highlight -- our server took the time to explain the entire menu, and even offered her own recommendations based on our preferences.

It's a family-owned place, and I was proud to support them. Even though there was a TV streaming vegan propaganda in six languages, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and highly recommend this place.
I wasn't sure how to feel about this place when we first walked in... the decor is pretty awful, and they must not believe in "atmosphere".  They might consider doing some kind of HGTV make-over show... it is seriously that bland.

On the other hand, the service was super sweet and friendly.  The waitress walked us through the menu (our first time there), chatted with our 4-year-old, and even brought him out a free apple juice... just to be nice :)  She even praised us for raising our son as a vegan... we didn't have the heart to tell her that he eats meat - and so do I!

I was a little weirded out when I saw the menu and EVERYTHING looked like meat.  When I'm ordering a vegetarian dish, it just seems strange to make it look like a cow.  Even though it wasn't what I had expected, it was still really delicious.  We had the spicy "shrimp", "beef" and broccoli, crispy wontons, and the "hamburger".  Everything was great, and I doubt most meat-eaters could even tell that these were vegan items.  

We're looking forward to a return visit... and perhaps take-out on April Fool's Day, to trick my carnivore father into eating something "veggie" ;)
I'm in turmoil on who I should rate this place. The decor and atmosphere is two stars. It smelled disgusting when we walked in, like sulfur or rotten eggs. Then the decor is like 1980's, with the white chairs. Oy - then there's the service. I'm gluten-free, and I had some trouble getting that across. She said that all of the soy protein has wheat in it, so she recommended the tofu dishes. I ended up getting the tofu dish with rice noodles and vegetables. I have no idea if there was wheat in the sauce, but at that point in the meal, I really didn't care. I just wanted to order and get the experience over with. 

The food came out pretty quickly though. My friend got the spicy cha cha (that looks like shrimp but is actually yam) and it was SUPER spicy and I think it tasted like Long John Silver's fried shrimp basket. BUT she really liked it. My dish was pretty okay, although a little bland. The veggies weren't really great either, but for a vegan dish that's less than $10, I guess it was okay.

I had planned on getting dessert, but we were given the check even before she asked if we wanted dessert. After I made some statement about it she asked if we wanted any, and told us they only had two out of the four desserts on the menu anyways. We went without it.

And yes, they do have the TV running strange vegan propaganda. Very strange, and I don't really want to look at baby pigs while I dine, but it could have been weirder. I guess. 

SO - for the price, I guess it is decent vegan cuisine. I guess I wouldn't really know seeing as how I LOVE MEAT, but hey, I'm up for trying everything once. I think if the atmosphere and service was better I would have actually liked the dining experience and the food more. If it was better inside, I'd be tempted to go to this place again. Eventually, I'd like to try the dessert. If they offer it to me.
Solid 3.5 Stars. 

The loving hut is a bit odd. 

I fully agree with everyone who mentioned how off the decor is. We felt like we were in the Sappranos or something with all the 80's white chairs. Also when we first walked in we were slapped in the face by a very off putting smell. 

The service was pretty decent. She came to our table often. The citrus infused water and the hot tea were terrific! 

We ordered some spring rolls and wontons to start. They were both ok. 

I ordered the Hawaiian burger and it was beyond messy, also they put the worlds smallest piece of pineapple on it and it didn't taste fresh at all. 

Hubs order the Philly steak sandwich and our friend got the spicy cha cha, both said they liked it. 

We will probably go back again and try some different dishes. I wasn't a total fan of what I ordered.
despite a packed restaurant, the food and service was excellent. six of us ordering three appetizers and six entrees. Mongolian delight was delicious, juicy and very flavorful. Aulac Special Salad was easily the favorite of the table. fresh, flavorful and healthy. the fried rice wasn't bad but nothing special. Summer rolls and pan fried dumplings were good. Sage Lemongrass was too chewy and fried tasting, but not bad. looking forward to trying out the other dishes and supporting a friendly humble establishment!
Other reviewers are pretty much spot on.  When we first entered, there was a pretty bad smell to the place.  It almost smelled like a sewer... they should look into that.  However, by the end of the meal, we couldn't really even smell it anymore.

The decor is also strange.  I really didn't like the TV's with the vegan propaganda running.... having been a vegan myself, and also a vegetarian for some years, I've seen it all - but definitely not while I'm eating.  It doesn't matter if it's vegan food, who wants to watch that while they eat???

But!- the saving grace might actually be the food.  It is pretty delicious.  The service was not too bad either.  The server was a pleasant lady who gave me recommendations on the menu.  My boyfriend ordered two of their specialty drinks and they were really yummy.  

Overall, the food is good but the atmosphere is lacking.  Service is ok too.  Would I go back?  Probably.

However, I've been to much nicer and better vegan/vegetarian restaurants (in Las Vegas, where I'm from).
First time at the hut an I'm really impressed with the food! I had the summer roll to start and it blew me away with the flavors and textures it contained. Next came the Mongolian beef (minus the beef!) but it looked and tasted alot like beef. It was scrumptious! I can't wait to come back and try more things! It isnt much to look at inside or out, but they have some great food at good prices. And it's good for you!
A few things have stopped me from going vegan in my life and dining out options is one of them. Another is parting with food items I'd miss dearly. I don't eat meat and I hadn't really found any vegetarian restaurant that did fake meat well, until I went to The Loving Hut.

It seems like every time we go there our eyes widen and we're asking, "how the hell did they do that?"

Last night, they made yams taste like shrimp--not just taste like it, but have the same texture. WTF!?

Though this restaurant isn't quite as good as Green, (I'm biased toward American-style food anyway), its food is unique, tasty, and inexpensive.

If you're not a vegan, you may feel bombarded with propaganda upon entrance; fair warning.
Love this place! Which is hard for me to say of most of the vegan/vegetarian restaurants my mom has dragged me into.

The sizzling rice soup is my favorite! I can't believe how amazing it tastes being vegan and how good it make you feel.

We always get the summer rolls, sweet and sour pork, and the lemon grass chicken.

I haven't been since it changed names but before service was always a little weird. The guy servers there seem like they are so aloof.

It's always really clean and the bathrooms are nice too.
I've tried to eat here before an it was temporarily closed. Come to find out they were transitioning from vegetarian to vegan. Their menu has quite a few choices, and everything looked good! 
I ordered the bean curd and my friend got the curry soup and we split one of the summer roll selections. Delicious! Not to mention that they put fresh orange slices into their water so it was a nice, refreshing surprise. 
All the menu options are very affordable and our waitress was able to answer some questions and help us decide. We arrived when it was very slow but it was picking up quite a bit by the time we were done, and we never felt rushed to leave. I'll be back to try the stuffed tomato!
this restaurant is not wheelchair accessible. I have no idea how the food is because there are 2 steps and no ramp.
I think the little vegan place with the weird tv propaganda should at least get two stars for setting up shop across from McDonalds.

Then allot one more star for the drinks, especially the rose lemonade. It has rose petals sprinkled on top!

But i can't justify even a half star for the  food. I guess it qualifies as being vegan, but I'm not sure if it qualifies as food.
I went into this place weirdly expecting Pauly Shore to pop out exclaiming, "Welcome tuu the LUuving HuUt"  Please God no. When this was Supreme Master I knew I was in for a long wait and this is still the case, a party had to get their own menus they grew too impatient. Don't expect to be out of here in 45 minutes or under an hour for that matter.

Vegetarian meals shouldn't be this hard to find and they are not, this is just another option to consider if you are on this side of town. I have found some items on the menu I can cross off, and some I will always make my regular rotation. Service is friendly but be sure to snatch your desserts before you hit the table, otherwise they will be gone by the time you finish your meal. Cheesecake is very popular and is frequently sold out. Just thought you should know that, before the vultures swarm.

The Heaven Rice Rolls $4.00 are okay if you are a fan of the rice paper wrapping, although I did not like the cold, rubbery, not too flavorful texture. The peanut sauce was a compliment to every dish however, and could go on anything (it is supposed to come with a hoisin sauce). The Moo Shu Vegetables $6.95 came differently than how they are supposed to on the menu, it came wrapped tightly again with a rice paper instead of in a wheat Moo Shu skin. Not acceptable.

The Sweet and Sour Divine $8.50 (rice separately white $1.00, brown $1.25) was delicious, a true vegan "junk food" delight. Soy protein, pineapple, carrots, and homemade S&S sauce which I thought they gave me a little too much of but that's okay. It looked like real chicken, tasted like real chicken, and although I have been a vegetarian for 8 years, it was reminiscent of the real thing and recreated that memory for me of eating some S&S Chicken. My mom who is not in anyway shape or form a vegan, was shocked by the taste of the dish (she was a butcher for many years).

The Guru Curry $7.50 is made like a thin Thai curry so don't expect a thick Indian or Chinese curry. It is soupy but it is very good and is served with a crusty loaf of bread. It is composed of: curry, taro, carrots, potatoes, gluten, tofu.

The small trick she offered us about their water is that they cut up a bunch of oranges and put it in the ice water. The Macadamia Carrot Cake $3.95 could have been better if it wasn't so dried out by the refrigerator. It was a delicious cake but they need to throw those out and replace them. With: coconut, carrots, turbinado, sugar, macadamia nuts, spices, coconut cream topping.

Please men in the back who kept farting; I know vegans have a lot of fiber running through the digestive tract at an astronomical rate but farting in a full restaurant is in poor taste. Please excuse yourself and go to the bathroom and fart to your heart's content or take it outside. *Disclaimer-none of the people pictured were the purveyors of the gas.

All items are 100% vegan, all entrees are under $10, all of their delicious organic juices, milks and teas are $3.50-5.00.  It gets busy on weekends and with the already long wait, prepare to wait or come early.
Might be hard to pass up but it is right across from Chuy's, and right in the same parking lot as Desert Jade.
This is, hands-down, the most uncomfortably stark, awkward,1980's hospital-esque diner I've ever stumbled upon in my life. 

The food was tasty and the menu is more varied than any other vegan restaurant in town... but somehow, that doesn't cut it. I thought I knew what I was going to try next time, but in retrospect, I'd rather not subject myself to that atmosphere much more than I'd like to try the soy protein fish.. which is somewhat disappointing, because I really did want to try that fish.
Should be renamed The Tofu Hut.  Went here with "mostly-vegan" relatives who recommended it highly.  Restaurant itself feels like a converted fast-food joint.  Service was very prompt and friendly (one star for food, one star for ambience, four stars for service) -- server took time to explain a number of items to my wife.  Biggest disappointment was that almost every dish included (or centered around) some sort of soy protein or tofu.  Hello!  There are tons of ways to be delicious vegan dishes that don't include the abomination (to me) that tofu is from a taste and mouthfeel standpoint.  Wife did not like her faux fish entree, the wonton soup was o.k., as was my veggie Mu Shu.  Next time, it's off to Cafe Lalibela, or any good italian or middle eastern place.
Sure the service sucks and it is pretty creepy (it is run by a cult) but that vegan lemon pepper chicken and those spring rolls keep my coming back. Superb!

By the way if you like their mock chicken or shrimp (its made of yam and really good) you can find it in a package at LeiLei in Chandler.
I love this place, from the cult, to the eerie 80s decor, to the interesting conversations I overheard...it all just makes me laugh...but the food is good and it's cheap. I mean I don't see myself following Supreme Master Ching Hai anytime soon, but I appreciate a good vegetarian restaurant.
We were a little skeptical at first, because the parking lot wasn't very full. When we walked in, it was sterile and dated and I would've turned around had the server not smiled warmly and invited us to have a seat.

So glad we didn't ditch it based on looks. The food was delicious! 

Two must haves: Rainbow Salad and the Stuffed Tomatoes.
I am not a vegan but love vegetables and would prefer to not eat meat most of the time. This place has the best spring rolls I have ever tasted. My sister-in-law is vegan and I went with her and she liked it too!
I didn't hate it, it was okay. If you have a lot of time to piss away, go ahead and check this out. The service is super slow. There was no one to greet my fiancé and myself when we walked in.

When someone did come out about 5 minutes later, she greeted the first party and invited them to sit where they liked, so we followed suit. Then she brought out water about 10-15 minutes or so later. The water was refreshing! They have freshly sliced oranges in it!

Then about 10 minutes after that we ordered. If you're keeping track, we has been here about 25-30 mins at this point. We shared the dumplings, I had the sweet and sour divine, and he had the Garlic sensation.

The lentil soup they serve with the meal was yummy! And the dumplings can satisfy in insatiable appetite for all things dumpling. I have an unhealthy obsession with dumplings. Mmm, dumpling. 

They serve Stash jasmine green tea, which I loved. The soy chicken could be tastier but the dish was pretty good, nonetheless. I could make a tastier meat sub, myself

And holy hell, they do not know what a sense of urgency is! We had to leave and said, "we're running late, can you go ahead and run our bill?" Note, we has already finished eating and had not even been visited for a check. She went off, did a couple of other things, adjusted a menu on her way to the register, and finally checked us out. 

If you go, do not expect great service. Expect alright food, aloofness, and a strange ambiance.
While visiting in Phoenix, we stumbled upon this place and the lady who must have been the owner was great and even e-mailed up websites to check out being vegan.  This was while the food was being made. We even got some free digs out of the situation. I would recommend if you are in the Phoenix area and if you are a vegetarian or not to try it out.The food wasn't too bad and I went back for the BBQ beef.

The food was quite yummy I should say!
plain and simple, this is some tasty vegan Chinese food! the location is a little out of place, but the staff are super friendly and food is good. just make sure to check their hours before heading over. CLOSED ON MONDAYS
Love love love it!  I can't wait to go back!  The food was awesome, the atmosphere was typical, and the lady who took our order was just too cute.  Definitely a favorite.
Here's the honest truth on this place: Good food, nice service, somewhat odd decor. 

I typically order for pick-up, so I haven't had too much experience eating in this restaurant. On the few occasions that I have been there I have found the servers to be polite and obliging, the food to be hot & tasty, and the restaurant to be clean. Yes, the restaurant does have a religious affiliation that it makes very clear - TV is playing a video on loop, posters of the "Supreme Master" - but, I honestly didn't find it to be as "creepy" or intense as other posters have claimed. I think of it like a family owned Italian or Mexican joint - sometimes there are cultural or religious icons there, too. 

Anywho - back to the food. If you are vegan or vegetarian you MUST try this place at least once. After living in NY for a while I mourned Phoenix's lack of vegetarian/vegan food, but then I found Loving Hut. While I can't vouch for everything on the menu - I have tried quite a bit and I swear - it gets better every time I eat it! I am a huge fan of the Sage Lemongrass, Mongolian Delight, and Sweet & Sour Divine. YUM.

One word of warning - If you are familiar with other Loving Huts: The menu is completely different. I have been to three of these restaurants now and have seen the menu range from Asian inspired to a more Mexican Vibe. This particular restaurant rocks an Asian/American feel. Additionally, some of the names of the dishes are different from venue to venue, so be aware when ordering.
I give the Loving Hut 5 stars mostly because of their Sweet and Sour Divine entree. It's like a mock sweet and sour chicken meal. I've visited the hut twice and although planned on trying something different on my second visit, ordered the Sweet and Sour once again. My matey enjoyed the Royal Noodle soup which was spicy, lemongrassy, and topped with plenty of cilantro. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing with a wall of windows spreading soft light throughout the interior. I noticed that a few people have complained about the religious video (possibly Buddhism? Didn't pay much attention) playing on the widescreen. I say who cares, no one is forcing you to convert to anything. From my experience throughout my lifetime almost everyone preaches something that they believe in one way or another. For me this was about the food, nothing else. Unless they are poisoning the food with some mind controlling substance, who cares!
This place is pretty cool, love the eggplant!  Stuffed tomatoes were yuck, but it was a texture thing...and taste thing;).  I also tried the carrot cake, maybe I'm used to the amazing desserts that vegan bakeries have/ the cake was dry with hardly ang frosting; gave it to my dog:(. The feel of this place is like a cafeteria... The people are friendly, the food all vegan (that gets a star). I go there when I'm hungry and by myself- usually see a few people having a meal alone in there... Worth checking out if your vegan or at least foood conscience;) try the eggplant!  I subtracted a star because of the huge tv, it's really annoying.
The service was good, but the food was terrible. I prefer healthy green vegan food rather than soy protein product and meat substitutes. The atmosphere is WEIRD! I'll never go back here.
I live just down the road from this restaurant and have driven by it a thousand times. Not being a vegan, I never planned on eating here. My wife recently found out she is allergic to dairy, wheat, and gluten. The staff was very kind and patient while helping us find foods that would work. I ordered the Hawaiin burger and fries...so good! The patty tasted legit. The texture of the meat didn't taste like other soy-based burgers I have tried. Great experience. Loved the all-white, early Nineties chairs! Will totes go back.
The service was great and everyone was so nice! The food is amazing! the best vegetables I've ever had in the area, fresh and well cooked. The ambience is a bit stark and cafe like, but the food makes up for it. 

I will be here again! Fantastic! Highly recommend.
I would definitely recommend this place for vegans and vegetarians.  In town for business and tried it for the first time.  Lentil soup was the best I've ever had.  Sweet and Sour Devine was devine.
Yummmmmmm!!!! :) Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!! Awesome, delicious, flavorful , hearty and vegan!! Definitely a restaurant for food lovers. I thought Green was happening and prior to that I was Fresh Mint addict but this place takes the cake! I haven't eaten in yet because the decor is a bit dated but takeout is fast and fantastic only ever takes 10-15 min to get your order made so perfect spot to grab dinner on the way home. Great prices and large portion sizes! Best vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix!!
pretty good vegetarian food, though I wish they'd expand their menu to more natural foods as that goes hand it hand for me in regard to eating healthy.

overall though, I'd recommend em
One of the best vegan restaurants in Arizona.
Clay pot sensation, curry soup, summer rolls, heaven rice rolls, Philly dream, BBQ noodles and Hawaiian burger are all excellent.
We go to both locations (Glendale and Phoenix) regularly since both have slightly different menu options (Glendale has delicious Pho and their Carrot Cake is incredible).
Loving Hut serves amazing food! We have been to locations in San Diego and Orlando and all are DELICIOUS.
I'll have to admit. When I hear the words "Loving Hut," I think of perhaps some primitive version of the song "Love Shack": 

** If you see a faded sign by the side of the road that says
15 miles to the, Loving Hut! Loving Hut yeah
I'm headin' down the Phoenix highway, lookin' for the vegan getaway
Heading for the vegan getaway, vegan getaway,
I got me a car, it's as big as a whale and we're headin' on down
To the Loving Hut... **

The song coursed through my head a few times as I ventured in and browsed through the menu (**Loving Hut baby! Loving Hut bay-bee...**). I was on a limited time schedule so I got the lemongrass chicken ($9.50) and a slice of carrot cake ($4.50) to go. Although prices seemed a bit high and that I could get lemongrass chicken made with real chicken for cheaper somewhere else, I was hopeful for a good quality meal. It took maybe 10-15 minutes for it to be made and packaged, and the cake was already prepackaged in their dessert counter. The packaging itself is paper-based and thus eco-friendly, as are their to-go bags. 

The lemongrass chicken was a generous portion of soy chunks, deep-fried, and then covered in a pungent lemongrass mixture. The texture of the "chicken" was kind of like a mix between fish and chicken, and was tender on the inside. The pieces were nicely seasoned and had a nice outer crunch from the deep-frying. The "chicken" nuggets were placed on a bed of romaine, with a slice of carrot and cucumber. As for the carrot cake, it was also a generous serving, filled with freshly grated carrot and large chunks of nuts. I loved the light, whipped topping. The ingredients themselves were great, however, it did taste slightly dry to me.

One thing to note, is that rice is not automatically included with the entrees, and will cost you $1. 

Off to the side of the cash register, there's a small section of vegetarian goods, such as fake beef and chicken. They even sell a vegan dog food!

So, even if you're an omnivore, it's a good place to get a flavorful meal. I doubt you will miss the meat! And remember,

**The Loving Hut is a little old place where we can get together
Loving Hut baby, Loving Hut bay-bee!**
I eat lunch here pretty frequently, and the food is excellent.  Highly recommend the stuffed tomatoes. All the stir-fry type dishes that I have had have been excellent. And the prices are extremely reasonable.  

When they get crowded (pretty rare for lunch) or have a big take out order, the wait can be long as I don't think they have much in the way of kitchen staff. OK, yes, the whole "Supreme Master" thing is quite strange, but honestly it sort of fades into the background anyway. And yes, the name looks a bit odd on an expense report if you take clients there. Still, the food is great.
Winner.

You want healthy?  You got it.
You want vegetarian/vegan?  You got it.
You want your food to taste amazing?  You got it.
Service?  You guessed it.

A spicy cha cha might sound like something you might want to avoid, but don't look over this menu item at Loving Hut.  I don't even remember what was in it, and frankly I don't care... it was simply amazing.

Start with a variety of the spring/summer/egg rolls and get a few different dishes, because you're going to want to try as many as possible.

Next time I will definitely start with dessert.  I could see how you'd always end up too full after dinner, but they look too amazing to miss.
Incredible! I have gone several times and everything was wonderful!
Yummy food and nice people. The Hawaiian burger is divine. Great choice for vegans and vegetarians, as well as carnivores wanting to try something new.
I absolutely LOVED IT! The service there is good and so is the environment. A very lovely restaurant. I had the new york charm. It was DELICIOUS :)
Freaking out a little. Just got finished eating there. Hairs in the food and I saw a cockroach crawl across the kitchen floor. At least if I get sick tonight I will know why!
This place is a less expensive but just as tasty Green. (But no tsoynamis.)

Great service, enjoyed the Noble Broccoli, chocolate cake! All vegan, but I went with a non-vegan and he also loved it.

Weird white atmosphere, but quiet and clean!
I love this place! Me and my husband always struggle to find good vegetarian/vegan restaurants so I always love to eat here! I really like that I can buy vegetarian food products there as well, the beef slices are awesome and really easy to cook! My favorite.
We are so happy to have recently discovered Loving Hut...a real treasure!   The selections -which are many- are full of flavor and so very tasty!  Our server Linda was a true sweet heart and was very hospitable and welcoming.  The light and bright atmosphere of the place added to the wonderful experience we had.  Can't wait to go back!
The service is great at this location. Out of the different entrees ordered in my group, my favorite was the Spicy Cha Cha. Usually I can't handle hot spicy, but this one was manageable and DELICIOUS! It goes well with brown rice or the House Fried Rice. If you have time and room for dessert, definitely get the Strawberry Cheesecake. It's organic, vegan, and gluten free! It is definitely hands-down the best cheesecake I have had at any vegan restaurant.
My first all vegan restaurant!  It was good.  I am giving only 4 stars because most of the dishes have soy in it, which I avoid even more than meat, based on research done by Westin A Price.  However Loving Hut was more than accommodating for my abnormal soy aversion and informed me they had Yam protein, which I ordered and gladly devoured.  The yam protein mimicked or at least looked like shrimp.  The Pad Thai tasted as I expected Pad Thai would taste in any restaurant. 

The clientele there seem to be abnormally friend and conversation tend to move toward how everyone became vegan, which seems to be brought on first by a bout of bad health issues.  It is a bit odd to overhear so many conversations on the same subject matter, which are almost like small testimonials for the vegan concept.  

I say to eat and know you can live without animal protein....!
Mmmmmm! I'm having the Spice Coconut Pad Thai as I write this. It's a bit too much for me but that's because I'm abstemious.
Just the right amount of spicy. Vegetables cooked to perfection.
Great job, Loving Hut!
I really would love to give a better rating to a vegan restaurant. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with EVERYTHING. 
1. I waited 40 min for a take out (with only 2 occupied tables at that time)
2. A guy who ordered after me got a free piece of cake for the long wait. (it wasn't offered to me) 
3. Terrible service 
4. The decor is something you see in senior houses in Sun City
5. Almost all items on the menu have soy protein.. TVP? Is it really something healthy or it's some sort of cardboard pretending to be food?
6. They packed my to go order in such a way that the soup turned before I got to my car, soaking thru the paper bag, landing on my pants, and on the sidewalk...  I went inside to tell them that- NO apology, NO money back. 

I wonder why they are not closed yet.
I am not a vegan, but I could eat here everyday!  Great quality and delicious. Very friendly staff!
Every time I go to this place, my taste buds thank me. I have tried many different meals, and each one has its own great flavor. I have also tried some of their desserts and drinks, totally tasty. People are super friendly there and it has a nice clean fresh atmosphere. Even my meat-eating husband complimented the faux-meat dish he got. I wish they got more business though, the parking lot is almost always empty when I go. The hours are a bit weird but I can understand it if they don't get customers all day long. If I could afford to eat out every day, I'd go to this place for sure. There are so many things still on the menu that I want to try.
I have absolutely no idea what authentic African cuisine tastes like, but I have a pretty good idea what skillfully prepared fresh flavorful food tastes like, and Buraka definitely is that.  Their menu has a wide selection of stews and other items. There is lots of vegetarian options but they also serve beef, lamb, and chicken. One can choose to have your dish with either rice or injera. Go for the injera it's a soft bubbly tortilla-like bread that you can wrap your food in or eat on the side. (The taste and texture is so good.) They have items with a variety of spiciness. In general, Buraka is amazing.  Buraka also has a cart on Library Mall, it is a fantastic deal.
This is by far my long-standing favorite for food at the Memorial Library carts.
I love his chicken alicha! I tried some alicha in Rosalind's, one of the restaurants in LA's Little Ethiopia row, but they're so different than Buraka's. I remember Buraka's alicha is red in color and has tomato taste. The one I ate in Rosalind's actually has more spices (and less red in color) than Buraka's. I don't know which version is more authentic, but I don't care. I still love Buraka's chicken alicha + green (spicy) chilli sauce + yogurt + rice! Yum!
Wow. This food is simply great. I've usually eaten at their lunchtime food cart, and sometimes at the restaurant on State Street as well. The menu items they have taste consistently great; I like some of the items more than others, but I've never had a bad meal. Some of the dishes are a bit spicy (which I like), so you may want to ask in advance if you prefer something less spicy. This is one of the places I really miss.
Yummy food and a nice dining area make this place a winner.  There were four vegetarian main courses to choose from.  One thing that was curious was that they had no appetizers on the menu.
How in the hell did I never eat at this place until just a couple weeks ago? Great East African food and the lunches are cheap! Definitely only for those who love spice and adventure (but if you aren't one of those people then you should probably just stay home every night and cook something flavorless and be miserable away from the rest of us).  I had enjoyed similar styled food before, but had never had it with the injera, which is really the star here.  Imagine spicy stews wrapped in a sourdough crepe and you'll get the idea of what this place offers.  This is my comfort food no matter what the weather. Oh, and the service is pretty good too. They explain everything very well so novices need not be intimidated in trying something a little out of the ordinary.
This has been my favorite Madison restaurant ever since I walked in 7 years ago.  Their menu hasn't changed in all that time, and I don't mind at all.  Their salad dressing is magical in its deliciousness.  All of their entrees are simple, hearty comfort food--serious meat and potatoes kind of fare!  I took one of the pickiest eaters I've ever met there (she was scared of the place), and she walked away proclaiming it to be "delicious."  Try the Coconut Curry Chicken or the Lamb Tibs--they're the shit.  I would also recommend a refreshing "Gin & Ting."  

I love the fact that it's a teeny hole in the wall (or hole in the basement, rather).  It makes me feel happy and smooshy inside just to be there, but it's particularly nice in the fierce cold of a Wisconsin winter.  :)
I trusted the madison yelpers to help me find good restaurants and madison and buraka was among the very top there. Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything special. It wasn't bad in any way, just a little bland and not inspiring. I've had better east african food in most african restaurants in chicago.
I would give this one a 3.5 or a 3.75....It's a neat little setting in the basement, below Husnu's, I think....nice art on the walls. Their house salad, I have to say, was the most boring thing ever....lettuce leaves drizzled in some olive oil. period. 

Some of their entrees are good. I like the peanut chicken stew....i think few of their entrees can be repetitive....different meats but similar sauce/preparation....I would have liked to see some creativity in there!....

The injera (bread) is a bit too sour for my taste and it overpowers the flavor of your stew...go with the rice.

The 2 hot sauces are really good, though....ask for them.

All in all, good comfort food on a cold winter evening.....but didn't bow me away...

Btw, they have a cart in Henry mall during lunchtime and have several of the same entrees that they have for dinner....so I'd just try those out to see you're into their food.
I went here after a recommendation from a friend and I was not let down. I have never eaten any Ethiopian food before, but it was pretty good. 

The atmosphere was very nice. It was quiet, not too busy (but also not dead), a little dim and we got a somewhat secluded table. It was very nice for a date. 

The food was pretty good. I wasn't too impressed, it seemed a little bland, but then again, I did pick the most basic "meat and potatoes" dish. My girlfriend had some sort of yellow curry. She liked it. I think I tried it and it was pretty good, but I am not a huge fan of curry. 

The drink selection looked pretty large. They had a full bar. Looks like a fun place to share some meals with some people and have a couple of drinks.

The decor was pretty nice, bathrooms clean. Overall it was a good place and I will probably check it out again sometime. Maybe I will be a little more bold with my food choice this time.
Every single thing to eat at Buraka is delicious - with the exception of the little salad that they give before every meal.  Tibs, Baris, any of the spicy bits . . . so good.  And the lentil salad at lunch time is divine!  I don't live in Madison anymore, but if I did, I would still be eating at Buraka weekly - and hitting up the lunch cart!
This is a great place to dine for East African food. The service was very attentive and the food was great (we tried various items on the menu). I almost missed the entrance and went to the Middle Eastern restaurant next door. You have to go down some stairs to get to the restaurant (so don't think you are in the wrong place). 

I will definitely come back to Buraka whenever I'm in the area. It's worth the trip if you are visiting Madison.
This restaurant has a few dishes which are vegan or can be made vegan. It has an emphasis on comfort-food type dishes, such as lentil stews with injera (a fluffy type of bread, similar to a soft South Indian dosa). I would go here if you're looking for something totally different from the usual South and East Asian vegan options in Madison.
As you descend the steps to Buraka's underground location, be prepared for a truly other-worldy experience. This is a small, dimly-lit restaurant serves up some serious Ethiopian cuisine. You have to be adventurous to enjoy dining here, some of the dishes and flavors are very different than what you would find in most other Madison establishments. All of it is quality, no doubt, and very intriguing. There was one server on staff the night I went, but she did a great job of keeping up, and was very informed about the menu. You could hear her chatting to the Hispanic kitchen staff in Spanish whenever she walked by the kitchen window. Definitely an interesting combination of cultures. It took me a few minutes to realize I was in Madison after I left Buraka's dark, pungent semblance.
I don't know if it's real Ethiopian or not, but I find it pleasant enough to go back on occasion. It's an interesting little restaurant down in a dark basement and they make a good chai (very balanced spicy flavor, not too sweet). Their menu options are few, but the food is alright -- The injera bread is probably one of the most unique options there, though some of the stews feel like a repeat of Husnu's and Kabul on State St. and their chicken can be a bit on the dry side. Prices are reasonable during lunchtime as they have half-portion menu options then, but dinner can be quite pricey.
Tasty food, decent price, outside seating like many other restaurants on state street. I enjoyed my meal here and my girlfriend absolutely adored hers, service was alright too.
If people didn't rave about Buraka so much (I was taken here immediately when I first moved to Madison - like twice), I think I would have liked it better.  You basically have a choice of a number of stews - vegetarian or meat - served on an african bread, which is really like a sour pancake.  It's good, it's just didn't live up to the hype for me.  It also seemed a bit pricey, but I guess they've cornered the market on african food in Madison, so they can get away with it.  

Bland-ish, and it makes me feel left out to be around a bunch of people obviously enjoying what is an especially good meal.  Sort of a bummer.
I had fond memories of this place from when I visited it 5 years ago, so I was really excited to go back recently. I've had a lot more experience with ethiopian food since then, and I found this place to be perplexingly untraditional this time. It's hard to pinpoint what bothered me, I think maybe they are just trying to accommodate the midwestern palate, but I couldn't help but be a bit disappointed. The food is certainly good, but I would say that if you are trying ethiopian for the first time, reserve judgement until you've had it at a really authentic place.
I'll be honest, I have never been blown away by ethiopian food; it's usually messy and difficult and not amazingly super tasty; except at Buraka, where it is amazingly super tasty, and neither messy nor difficult.
Great place.  I second the earlier recommendation about asking for the hot sauce.  Friendly service and great food - what more can you ask for?
Not quite what I expected, but  not bad either. My experience of Ethiopian cuisine has been more communal, ordering a sampling of different stews and sharing with others. I actually prefer it that way because you get to try more. At Buraka, you order your own plate like you do at most establishments, and I guess this is my one complaint. I have had better (in Chicago - check out Ethiopian Diamond on N. Broadway if you get the chance), but this certainly was not bad at all. I enjoyed my dish... it had a nice heat to it, and most everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I would definitely go back. The service here was adequate. On one hand, everyone got everything they needed and we felt comfortable, not rushed whatsoever. If you are expecting a bubbly server who kisses your ass and charms you, this is not the place. If you are not high-maintenance, you will do fine with the service here.
I'd never envisioned Ethiopian as a fast food, but the food cart on Library Mall proves it can be done, and done well.  I like the dorowat, and usually get it with rice.  Actually I don't think I've had their injera yet, but will make an effort to do so soon as everything I've eaten so far has been superb.
I ate there this past summer and it was alright.  We were looking for a new place to try and decided on this because they had outdoor seating.  We went inside to let them know we were outside and it appeared that only one woman was bartending and waitressing.  She said she'd be right out and it took 10 minutes before we saw her.  We ordered drinks and it took another 15 minutes before we saw those.  Granted a big party was in the midst of leaving while we were waiting, but they probably should have had one more waitress.  We had heard great things about the food and while my boyfriend liked it, I found it sort of bland.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  Not sure I'd go back right away.
Well, really 2-1/2 stars.  I'm an adventurer and I'll try any ethnic dish at least once.  But this place just doesn't move me at all.

It feels like a diner in a basement - which it is.  But an East African diner with very intriguing artwork on the walls which helped pass the time in those uncomfortable chairs.  Mine wobbled a bit too.

If these stews are Ethiopian, so be it.  Not at all like the 
Ethiopian food I've had in D.C.  I was sold on the "newness" of East African food!  Of course Ethiopia is in east Africa too.....

So we had a small variety of stews that I assume came out of big pots.  Some were tasty, others not.  My friend enjoyed his, but he recommended this place.  When I finished, the hot one had me burping for some time after....as did the relatively high price- to- value relationship I'd just experienced.
No menu is posted outside (wish there was), but we took the plunge and headed downstairs to check it out.  The menu was fun to peruse, and I was pleased because there were several vegetarian options to choose from.  Entrees were served on either rice or ethiopian bread and were moderately sized and served with a side salad.  Several African beers were offered, which were fun to try.  Our waitress was not overly friendly, but attentive enough to be fine with me.  The main room seems to offer a bit more ambiance than the back room, which felt a little lacking in that department.  I'm not sure if it was the overhead lighting or the chairs, which felt a little rec room-like.  

BOTTOM LINE:  Fair prices and several veg-friendly options.  I was glad we tried it and it was enjoyable enough for me to recommend.
I've never been wowed by any dish I've ever had at Buraka.  Sure, they sound exciting.  Why wouldn't Ethiopian food sound exciting?  I've walked away feeling pretty meh everytime I've been there though.  Their food is just okay.  Most of it seems to kind of just taste like spiced red beans and rice to me, and none of the spices particularly exciting.  I don't like their Injera bread either.  The sourness doesn't appeal to me.  

It might be that I just don't particularly like Ethiopian food, but I've definitely had better in Berkeley, Ca.  Better injera too.
Tis good.  Very unique food.  I love the bread, it's unique.  You definitely will be full when you leave.  They also have ginger soda which is amazing.
I used to work here while a student in Madison, and I can tell you the food is phenomenal!
Buraka is decent, but I think I would leave it at just that. They're good at what they do, without ever trying to go above and beyond any expectations. After all, when you're basically the only restaurant within 50 miles that's selling any form of African food, the bar isn't set very high. If you come here because you're craving Ethiopian food, you'll be satisfied. If you come here expecting something new and different, you'll leave wishing you tried something else. There's so many other places in Madison that do ethnic food so much better than this.

Basically every entree here consists of meat and/or vegetables cooked in a simple sauce, served over injera bread. It doesn't matter much which one you pick. The spices they put in lack any boldness, leaving you with simple, uninspired sauces that do the job but don't wow you in any way. The same can be said of the rest of the ingredients in the dish. Without any variation by way of spices and flavors, most of the dishes end up tasting pretty much the same.

You'll receive several helpings of injera bread, which you won't find anywhere else. It tastes pretty unique - slightly bitter, and very soft and fluffy. You can roll it up like a tortilla or use it for dipping in your food. Problem is, without anything to combine it with, this bread is rather helpless on its own. The sauces you'll receive to dip it in serve as a crutch to compensate for how bland it is.

The service and the atmosphere were average, much like everything else in the restaurant. The waiter was tough to find at times but he was friendly and the wait wasn't too long. All in all, Buraka did not disappoint, but it did not impress me either. Something about it felt very inauthentic. You'd be much better off skipping this very average dining experience and trying something else.
Probably more like 3 1/2 stars. The decor was best described as eclectic mediocrity. The food was good. Especially the coconut curry. Also, try the tostones but go easy on the sauce. Its a little hot for my wimpy self. Good selection of both domestic microbrews and some African imports. Oddly enough, I thought the mint chocolate cheesecake  stole the show. I would definitely go again.
Sorry I thought it was "ok" I have had authentic Ethiopian food ..  you don't get the full experience  .. Although the food was ok, I felt it seasoned well enough, the injera was ok, I wish they brought out the big dishes like authentic restaurants ... Also the entrance is kinda funny, its right next to Kabul's make sure you don't walk into the wrong restaurant. The restaurant was nice and clean, and well decorated, and it had a bar ... thats always a plus
Headline: uninviting, great Dorowat, first-Ethiopian-success

My colleague and I were just in Madison for the day so we decided to stop into Buraka for a late lunch. It's a little uninviting at first since it's located in the basement of the building, but once you get downstairs it's fairly open and friendly. 

This was my first time having Ethiopian food so I went for the house special, the Dorowat, which my colleague described as the "Pad Thai of Ethiopian food." I really enjoyed the dish; the flavors weren't as unfamiliar as I expected they might be. Also, the waitress made me think that it was going to be spicy, but it was rather mild, still to my liking--the spicy sauce that comes out on the side is really hot though! The Injera bread was pretty good too, but next time I'll try the rice. 

All-in-all, I enjoyed my experience and I'll give Ethiopian food another go soon!
Okay, so here's the disclaimer: I'm not super familiar with Ethiopian food.

That said, is Ethiopian food supposed to be this bland? And what is the deal with the spongey bread thing that I'm supposed to use to make a semi-spicy soupy burrito? Kinda gross, if you ask me.

I gave up on the bread quickly and the rest of the meal wasn't much better, as it just sort of tasted like old Indian food with fewer spices and more carrots.

The restaurant is surprisingly comfortable, though, and a lot roomier than expected. So there, you earned yourself a second star.

And if you like Gluten-free beer, they have it. My buddy ordered one by accident (which, unless you have Celiac disease, is the only reason I assume someone would order it)
I'm a fan of this restaurant. It's a cute place with good food. It's down some stairs and has very nice ambiance for a semi-nice/semi-casual dinner or lunch. They have rice or injara curry dishes and lentil stuff. All very good.  I like the peanut stew.
The food was good and I would go back.
Order the Dorowot. Ask for it with ingera.  Your tastebuds will be happy!
Went here for a quick business lunch.
I had Ethiopian years ago.  Lived in DC for a few years but unfortunately never got to try the wonderful Ethiopian there, given a lot of Ethiopians in the area... when I go back I"m definitely going to try to hit it up, if its anything like Buraka.

Had the coconut chicken curry and dorowat.  Pretty cheap, like $9 for a combo.  Decent food.  Not too hot or spicy.  Service was passable though if you're in a hurry I wouldn't eat outside for lunch (since they have to come up from the basement).  Wasn't as spicy or as flavorful as I had hoped, but it was a solid lunch, and I'll be back.  

The bread isn't as bad as I had read here on yelp.  A little tangy.  Fluffy.  Nice to use with the meat/stews.  My friend I was with recommended getting the dishes with the rice and getting a side of the bread, that way you have both worlds.
Great college restaurant.  Sat outside on State St for a great atmosphere and good, tasty food.  Never had African food before but will certainly try again when I come across another place serving it.  Definitely give this place a try!
Delicious vegan meals with an incredible variety. very reasonably priced
So Buraka. Meh.

First of all, this is definitely not a vegan restaurant. They have three vegan items; one is a soup, which is a comparable spread to many establishments. They are notably missing some of the standard dishes vegans will crave, and their alecha, mysteriously, is vegetarian but not vegan. 

I ordered the misirwat, forgoing the soup and the third thing I can't remember. The injera is standard, passable, but the misirwat was not at all what I expect when ordering that dish. It was not spicy, it was not dense, it was not pureed, it had potatoes in it (wth?) and it was *very* tomatoey and salty--- sort of like it was bathed in tomato soup. Also, despite having specified vegan, I was given a dish with a big scoop of (sour cream? soft cheese? I'm not sure, but it definitely was some dairy thing). 

I appreciate that they kind of tried, but I won't be doing this again.
I really love that they have multiple vegan options.  Relatively reasonably priced for lunch or at their food cart (For a veggie dish, about $4-5 for a half portion or $6-7 for a full portion).  Most of the time I make myself very standard salads for lunch, but sometimes I just CRAVE ethnic food that I can't replicate.  This is where the Buraka food cart comes in.  Hearty, quick, and pretty tasty.  I will be honest, though: I can't particularly attest to the authenticity.
We decided on this place because we wanted to sit outside and wanted to try something new.  A+ on the sweet potato fries.  AMAZING, in fact.  We ordered a platter with two entrees on it, and we thought it was pretty tasty.  We would definitely go back for the location, outdoor seating and for the fries.  Good service also.
So I went back and I don't like it quite as much. It's still good, but not as good. I think they might have stopped serving their lentil side dish with every meal, which makes me sad, cause that was yummy. It's a little bland-er than I remember, but still a cute place with good food.
I love ethnic food, and Buraka fits well onto the State Street scene. Their dorowat dish is amazing and I recommend trying their injera. It is some sort of Ethiopian flatbread, and absolutely delicious

Be adventurous and try a family style platter served all over injera! Its great if you and your friends are trying a few dishes. We got 4 different dishes and all were good! My favorite was the Dorowat and Chicken Peanut Stew which had an awesome peanut butter taste.
I want to love it. Really, I want to love it sooo badly. But the truth is: go to San Francisco or Washington D.C. and get it there. As my (very white) Grandma would say: "this is interesting." By which I mean, there are some ...flavors....and ...spices... but nothing quite pulls together.

At least the African Nut Stew and Injera are good.
Search for Ethiopian Restaurants on Madison Yelp and you get 1. Count them 1,..1,..1...

This place will work. Duck downstairs away from the h/bustle of State Street and find yourself in a lovely cool and calm space with a bar and two big dining rooms. It's not the biggest menu I've ever seen but it has the basics. We had  a Lamb tibs and a Chicken with peanut sauce and the lentil/potato as a combination plate. Both served with injeera. The tef-based flat bread was excellent. The other dishes were missing something. We looked at each other with a "what's wrong here" look. Aha!!!   S.U. called the waitress over and asked if they had Berbere sauce (the Ethiopean hot sauce). That's what was missing. A few drops of that and it was all good. The mouth burned, the sweat flowed, the flavors came alive!!!!

So, I am a fan. I understand that the typical Wisconsinite may not immediately love the spiciness that Ethiopian cuisine can bring to the game (or eating with the hands, forks are provided). So I say this. Ask for The Sauce or say, up-front that you like The Spice. They'll bring it! Game on!
Hidden jewel since it's underground, it has somewhat of a romantic feel (all exclusive and what not). But what I will tell you is that their food is pretty good. I ordered some samosas as an appetizer. Normally I am picky with Samosas since I feel like they are under stuffed . BUT NOT HERE ! 

The waitress recommended me Dorowot. Nice and spicy :) Just how I like my food ! 

Amazing service ! -- The waitress I had is such a cutie !

Ps. Madison's food options are scarce . Eat here . It's actually good ! Don't do decent .
I've eaten at the cart several times and at the actual restaurant a couple of times now. I like getting Ethiopian food in the "traditional" serving with a huge plate and you pick things up with the injera. Here they call it "family style" and they've made some strange twist to it where the plate is not that big and they LAYER the food with the injera o.O (injera, food, injera, food). Really strange...

I get the impression that the injera here is a bit more sour than others I've tried. The food overall ranges between good and okay.

Also, it's quite a lot more expensive for dinner and I asked if the portions were significantly bigger. They said the portions were a third bigger. Yeah. That didn't happen.
So delicious! Lunch has better portions and menu. Definitely try the "Mango Drink," it's thick and very sweet. Great vegetarian options, too!
Great service and real, slow cooked food for a very low price. It's the kind of meal that while you are driving or walking home, you feel good about yourself and what you ate and you don't have icky food hangover.  Extremely simple stews served with perfect injera. The plantains were also amazing and I have no idea what was in the sauce with the plantains, but we could have eating it with a spoon...actually I think we did. The place is not pretty, but my family of four hungry people ate heartily for under $60, so I'm happy to forfeit ambiance.
I have never had East African or Ethiopian cuisine before. I was hesitant to try Buraka at first, but I was pleasantly surprised. 

The Samoosas and the fried plantain appetizers were delicious. Most of the main entrees at Buraka are curry dishes. I tried the Dorowot and the Siga Alicha and both were pretty tasty. The good thing is that for adventurous patrons, there's an option to try a combination of two dishes and do a half-and-half. I highly recommend that.

The service at Buraka is great, so ask for recommendations. You won't be disappointed in their food.
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.

We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.

Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. 

I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. 

Avoid unless you are desperate.
This is the second time I've ever had Ethiopian food, and like my first time, I left feeling full and satisfied.

People really should try Ethiopian food more, because in my very humble but awesome opinion, Ethiopian food is da bomb. 

They always have deliciously seasoned meats, with lamb at the head of the pack.

Then on top of that, the meats are accompanied by all kinds of savory sauces that will make your taste buds happy. 

Finally, you wrap everything up with the injera, which is like a burito wrap, but much thinner. This gives it a great carb to meat/vegetable ratio, and the injera does a great job of soaking up the different sauces and juices. Also, the injera has a slightly sour taste, which, while off-putting at first, adds a great balance with its acidity into the meal. 

And all of this can be had for around $15-18 for dinner, with enough leftovers for another meal, to the tune of some relaxing background African music.
Valentine's Night dinner--WIN! 

Started off with the veggie samoosa and a mango drink. The samoosa was warm, crispy, and the filling was spicy and delicious. The accompanying dip had the perfect sweet-spice pairing. I love mangos and the sweet drink was a nice contrast to all the spicy food.

I ordered a combo veggie dinner--the veggie peanut stew and the tomato-based rich stew. I got them both on rice with a side of injera. Both excellent--spicy and delicious and very good on the rice. I think I'm too white for the spongey injera although I enjoyed trying a bit of it. The side salad was nice--nothing too impressive but not a gross iceberg no-flavor mess either.

Note that the food isn't served authentic Ethiopian style (on big platters on the injera with everyone sharing and eating with their hands), although as I mention again, I'm pretty white and it was really good.

At first, I was worried we might have slow service as there was one guy who was running the whole show and the bar, but he did a great job.
stopped in on a whim, when looking for a new restaurant to try.  the place was clean and nicely decorated.  the service was speedy.  and the food - amazing.  the samoosa appetizer was quite delicious (had one each of beef and lentil) and the dorowot entree left me wanting more.  the drink selection is nice, though i confess i didn't indulge this time... guess it's just one more reason to go back!
Restaurant is in basement of building, but it was quiet, clean, and brightly colored.  Loved their Chicken Curry and Lamb dish (can't remember name).  Enjoyed the tasty side of lentil salad.  Very small plates for lunch, but delicious, filling food.  Nice level of spice.  Had bottled non-alcoholic ginger beer which was very good.   Lunch partner had the unleavened bread with her entree and this bread looked like a thin, wet pancake (which I would skip.)   Pleasant young waiter.  I'll go back.
Really good ethiopian food, and the server was great at explaining different menu items. Food is decently priced, and comes out quickly.

Don't be worried about going down the stairs, it doesn't feel dungeon like at all :) The decor is pretty light and homey; it felt like I stepped into someone's home and they cooked us dinner.
My guess is that not many Wisconsinites have had Ethiopian food very often or ever- and therefore, are not that picky. But sometimes, if you have lived in other states, you just want something that is NOT Midwestern tavern food!
The food here is OK to good. The injera is very good - a classic, buckwheat sourdough pancake bread. The main dishes- mostly stews, both meat and vege., are fine, but not very spicy. Real Ethiopian food is SPICY.
Ask for the red sauce, it helps.
Real Ethiopian food is served on a huge platter on top of the injera bread, with each choice placed around in a circle on the bread. Then everyone eats with their hands, you tear a piece of bread/pancake and scoop up some lamb, or beef or vege stew and pop it in your mouth. You can use a fork here in Madison- or get the food served on rice.

They have a drinks happy hour until 6 pm (maybe only M-F?) - well drinks for $2.
 "but sorry! we are out of tonic."  Really? a bar--- out of tonic? Pints were also $2. til 6 pm.
The space is in a nice high-ceiling basement room, with warm lighting, well-spaced tables and a quiet vibe -- you feel like you have stepped away from State ST madness.
Friendly service.
(Please servers, wipe the sauce bottles clean when you get a moment.)
One of my favorite restaurants in the city.

I love their vegan/vegetarian dishes, especially the misirwot. The servings are plenty to share, I can rarely finish it on my own. 

4 stars because sometimes the service can be spotty. Food is ALWAYS amazing, though.
Nice Ethiopian spot, good native dishes at a decent price. Has a nice outside seating option or a downstairs one, both work well. Food usually comes out pretty fast, this type of cuisine is great to share, get a family platter so you can try a some of the different dishes. Good place for a change of pace from the everyday typcial American food.
It's alright, for Ethiopian. I grew up outside of NYC and have spent extensive time in DC, which has an enormous Ethiopian population, so I like to pretend I know what Ethiopian food is.

People who've experienced legit Ethiopian before will most likely be wondering why rice is offered on the menu. Come on...it's all about injera.

Dishes were good, but not solid. I thought the doro wat was a bit dry (the chicken, that is), but the mesir wat was quite good. Injera was decent, but I've had better.

So...yeah. Three stars for decent Ethiopian in Madison! The food cart, though, is where I'll be getting my stuff from. It's a bit $$$ for my tastes, as far as restaurant costs go.
I want to like it. I really do. I've been twice, but each time I found the dishes bland ... or with a spiciness that was just spice, not flavor.
Food is great try the simosas. The lentil salad is to die for. The service that the owners daughter provides is atrocious. If she is serving I take it to go
I've had a lot better Ethiopian than I was served at Buraka. There is a decent percentage of veg options, which I appreciate, but the menu overall isn't very broad. They also don't have sampler platters for individuals, except for a two-entree combination option which costs more than one entree for approximately the same amount of food. 

 I ordered a combination of the misir wot and the black beans, both described as spicy. Wary due to other Yelp reviews, I emphasized to the server that I like my food spicy, and she assured me that the two dishes are indeed quite spicy. They were not. More significantly, they simply weren't very flavorful. Nor was the injera, usually a highlight of my Ethiopian restaurant experiences.  Halfway through the meal the server offered hot sauce, which helped,but I ultimately expect more flavor in the food itself. 

The ambiance is nice, and they have patio dining, but I'd give this restaurant a definite pass in the future.
This is the first place I go to whenever I'm in the area. It has a very unique style of food that you won't find too many places. The Ethiopian sour dough bread is a great canvas for the various saucy dishes. You can also ask for a hot pepper sauce on the side, since the dishes are not too spicy. The Jamaican ginger beer (soda) is an interesting drink and very powerful, although it is not for everyone. There is basement (downstairs) indoor seating and outdoor seating along the street. This place also has a food truck nearby in case you do not want to dine at the restaurant.
Meh...This is the second time I've had ethiopian food, so I'm no expert, but I can tell when food is flavorful or not. Severely lacking in depth of flavor. It was cooked potatoes/lentils/etc on injera. A little bit of curry flavoring? Service wasn't great as we waited for 1 person to run the restaurant....Wouldn't return.
I really love Buraka.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  I am vegan, so I have not tried many of the options on the menu, but I have not found their food bland at all.  My favorites are the misirwot and the lentil samoosas.  The service has always been great when I have eaten here (at least 30 times).

A couple reviewers have commented that an Ethiopian restaurant should not have rice, but as a vegan, I appreciate that they do so I can actually eat here.  Who cares if they offer something that is not traditionally Ethiopian?  Just don't order it if you don't want it.
Food is bland and a bit dry. Sauces could be heavier and better flavored. Notably, tibs were very mild and other dishes were barely warm. Plate came with salad (?!) and Italian dressing. Random sour cream. Good Ethiopian food should be hot and seep into the injera to make a delicious bite... not the case here.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...

I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.

I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.

Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! 

Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
Service and location were very good. Food - that was another matter.  I don't want to sound unkind: if this food was made in my kitchen,  I'd be intensely proud. But, I would know it's Ethiopean-LIKE, and NOT traditional/authentic. I am spoiled with having so many Ethiopean restaurants in Minneapolis,  so expected similar taste.  Chicken Dorowat must be served on a bone with a hard boiled egg. It is served this way in every such restaurant I've ever been too, including those in Washington DC. Sauces were ok, but not authentic or flavorful enough. Injera was very good. Overall it was delicious, but nothing like I expected.
This review is for the food cart on Library Mall, which I hope is still operating despite the fact that their storefront location has been forced to close its doors thanks to the development plans on State Street. 

If not, at least I can say I tried it! 

So I went with the chicken peanut stew with red potatoes and lentil salad wrapped in injera, and while it wasn't something I'd come running back for, it was slightly satisfying on the cold day that I was able to enjoy it.

This selection was unique, but all of the components did work well together to formulate a cohesive, hearty dish. I would have perhaps appreciated more chicken, but maybe that's just me and my protein-obsessed-self. I just felt that the dish was a tad heavy on the carbs, what with the red potatoes and the lentils and the injera (Ethiopian sourdough flatbread). 

I must say that the injera took me by surprise. I was expecting the typical flatbread dough, yet the injera was unexpectedly thin (almost crepe-like, yet still dense) and had a rather sour taste to it, resemblant of the taste you get from your average sourdough loaf, though much more pronounced. 

I also appreciated the peanut stew/sauce component. The flavors were great and welcomingly savory. 

While the chicken peanut stew wouldn't be my first choice in a return visit, it did make for a decent meal.
Looking for good ethiopian in Arizona? Look no further. The food is fresh and packed with flavor, the injera is soft and warm, and the owners and waiters have always been so sweet to me. OOOoooo!!! They have vegan coffee cake!
The best Ethiopian food in the Valley, and some of the best anywhere for that matter.  If you're a vegetarian you'll be in heaven, and if you're not... well, you'll still be in heaven.  The messob dinner is a best bet.  Also try the refreshing Ethiopian wine.
I had never had Ethiopian food before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised - the food was delicious. But the dining experience was terrible. They seemed understaffed for a Friday night - one waitress and one cook for a full restaurant. It took us around an hour to get our food, and when we did, our waitress had forgotten half of it. She apologized profusely and made it sound like she normally didn't wait tables, but it was frustrating. Our portions were also -very- small (which was strange, every other table seemed to have enormous heaping plates...maybe we ordered wrong!) and I left hungry. 

I'd like to give it another chance, because the food was very good, but I'm really hesitant.
I had never had ethiopian food before...  it was pretty good... the flavors are very unique, but good... with the main dish you eat a crep type bread with it... not as good as inidan nan but still ok... the inside of blue nile is nothing special... and i went during lunch and no one was there and it still took forever...  also the day we went the credit card machine was not working or somethign like that... the food was good but i am not a huge fan of the overall experience...
Ever had Ethiopian food??? Its better than youd think! Imagine a orgnanic crossbreed of middle eastern meets asian food!  The main sampler dish is served in scoops of various vegetable and meat medleys served on top of ethiopian bread. the bread in itself is interesting because the lack of yeast leaves it flat and soft. Dont let that deter you, because you tear it up like pita bread and scoop up the ingredients. it reminded me alot of eating hummus! if you are adventurous, go check it out! It is very tasty:)
A nice change from the typical chain restaurant in the Phoenix area, or the overpriced, snooty restaurants of Scottsdale.

I frequented this place a lot, while I was living in Tempe.  The food is good and reasonably priced.  The Injera bread is delicious.  I like the tables for decor (clear tables with grains embedded inside).  The only negative is the shopping center its in.  Having this place in a mini-mall isn't exactly lending itself to ambiance, but I guess that's what you have to expect for AZ.
Surprisingly, Ethiopian food consists of more than 6 grains of rice and a few beans.  If you're a vegetarian like me or a vegan, this place will be a sanctuary for you, especially if you try their vegan tiramisu.  It's right across the street from the Tempe Improv, so stop by here for a very inexpensive, very tasty dinner.  Do not, however, make the mistake I did -- the injeera bread is not a napkin.
Excellent Ethiopian experience.  I prefer this restaurant to Cafe Lalibela because it tends more towards healthy vegetarian food.  The prices are similar, though seem slightly higher for certain dishes at Blue Nile.  
Also, unlike Lalibela, Blue Nile has traditional Ethiopian style seating in half of the restaurant.  The atmosphere is overall a cut above Lalibela.  Both are located in somewhat unappealing strip malls.

Blue Nile has numerous non-Ethiopian vegetarian dishes on the menu, and serves brown rice, as well as fresh made to order carrot and orange juice.
Since I moved from Tempe to San Diego, I have been mourning for my favorite place on earth. Excellent veggie selection, great quality of ingredients, friendly service and perfect location.

You Tempe crowd out there, you might be suffering from the heat and you might be dying to move to San Diego. Let me tell you, DON"T if you are an Ethiopian food fan like me. You will be very disappointed as you will not find anything close to Blue Nile here. While there, enjoy it!
I agree w/ reviewer N.T. in that I prefer Blue Nile over Lalibela b/c of the better atmosphere. Given the choice, I prefer to eat ethnic food in the way I would if at someones home in that country. So yes, part of the restaurant's seating is "traditional" and I like that. In fact, Blue Nile also serves more traditional beverages such as spiced tea and honey wine. In fact, if I remember correctly, you can even experience the traditional table hand washing at Blue Nile. So the the entire experience is more authentic and the food is fantastic. I love the fact that the food at Blue Nile isn't American-ized. 

Like many other cultures, Ethiopians eat with their hands (not fork/knife). And here's a tip: you're supposed to place food in your mouth with your right hand only. 

If you've never had Ethiopian food & you want to try something "safe", might I suggest the Doro Wat. Its (dark meat) chicken simmered in a spicy red curry. So good and a very common dish. 

Enjoy!
3.5 Stars

When my friend told me we were going to an Ethiopian joint for lunch after class, I was skeptical. When I think Ethiopian cuisine, I think empty plates. Do they even have food in Ethiopia? National Geographic makes it look like they don't. If they do, it must be twigs, right? But the food genuinely suprised this white ignorant fool. The meal was tasty and a little strange, but exciting. The spongy dough is odd looking, but definitely edible! I've only been once, and am not craving to return. But definitely worth trying once since it's a different cuisine. You better clean your plate off, there are starving people in Africa.
Now I know why all the Ethiopians are starving!  I would be starving too if this is all I had to eat!  I guess maybe it's just not my thing, since all the other reviews are mostly positive, though in my group of 9 not a single person liked the food (maybe the not liking it was contagious).  I will say that the interesting atmosphere and food did make for an interesting experience.  I wasn't a big fan of the injera (flat bread), it was like a sock.  I had a sampler plate.  The portions were enough for an 8-year old, and some of the dishes looked like barf.  For me, the food wasn't gross, but it was nothing special for my tastes buds.  If you like trying new things, it's not a bad idea to give this place a try.
I am so glad that the Entertainment book had a coupon for this place.  A girlfriend of mine and I went for dinner and I just LOVED it.  I can not wait to go back.  We got a vegetarian sampler plate and the waiter (owner maybe?) threw in a free additional item on the sampler.  Everything was super yummy but I think my favorite was the collard greens.  Mmmmm.... I am craving it again.
The food, atmosphere, and service are great. I love their house iced tea and their vegetarian messob platter has everything for  perfect meal. I like to go here for lunch specials or for a date (eating with your hands is romantic!).
vegan-friendly, very tasty, good service, hells yeah!  
also, vegan dessert.
ohhhhhh myyyyyy sweeeetttt  lord, this is amazing! I am ending my review right now bc I JUST decided this is what I am having for dinner. i can't stop thinking about it. get the creamy curry chicken, you will die. and the beef tibbs? DYING. and the misir watt? INSANE. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
This place is in a strip mall, so that already seemed kind of out of place to me, but then I saw the greek place and the indian place two doors down, interspersed with a barber shop and nail salon.....yes, still seemed out of place. I always want to get my nails done and then go eat with my hands at ethiopian food! 

That aside, inside this place it is actually pretty decently decorated and they even have half of the place set up where you can eat on those little chairs and basket tables for a more authentic time. 

Our waiter was really white, and when he brought us our sambusas he gave the vegetarians in our group the beef ones and said they were lentils!!! You would think that a vegetarian friendly place wouldn't do that!! That aside the sambusas were a little smaller than usual, but they were pretty tasty.  Their vegan lentil plate did not really do ethiopian food justice here, but their other veggie curry and bean options were pretty good and flavorful. We had to ask for extra ingera (ethiopian naan basically) and water too, but the meat lovers liked their meat plate and  veggies liked their veggie plate, after they spit out the beef from before!!!

So Blue Nile watch out for beef posing as lentils!
I am beginning to think that run-down strip malls equipped with weird comic stores and nail salons point to good food nearby. Blue Nile is tucked back in the corner of an old strip mall, but you can smell the spices a-stewing from a block away almost. The smell is very indicative of the food - standard, inexpensive, delicious Ethiopian cuisine, complex flavors, huge variety, vegan friendly (if not encouraging) and utensil-less.

The service was great and helpful, as I am usually indecisive when presented with so many tantalizing options. I highly recommend (as do employees) the vegan combo - you can try 5 dishes with all the bread you want! Yes please. If you're super hungry you may just need all that injera and more, because the portions of each dish are just a little small for a very hungry Joe. For me though, they were perfect. 

I will admit, the temperature of my food was a little colder than I prefer, but I got over it. The price is nice and the food finger-lickin' good....really, don't use a fork. The experience is so much more without it.
This place is awesome. I love the collard greens!!! Everything is just amazing.  Every time I am in town, this is where I want to go for lunch.
What the fuck?  Seriously, why do people think jokes about starving Ethiopians are funny?  Should we start off reviews about Jewish bakeries with Holocaust jokes, or Chinese places with the Rape of Nanking?  "Hey, I really enjoyed this Japanese restaurant!  I thought everything would be  MICROWAVED though, GET IT? BECAUSE EVERYONE DIED IN AN ATOMIC EXPLOSION!"

Anyway.  Classic Tempe debate: Lalibella vs. Blue Nile.  I like Blue Nile more - relaxing atmosphere, slow food, and the raw nights are really cool.

I've only tried the raw chef's food once - we had the sushi - and it was really out of this world.  I used to scoff at the idea of raw restaurants, but now I can see the appeal.

The food does seem to have gotten a little less flavorful over the past couple years - it's still good, just more subtle.  I have a feeling if you ask for things spicier, they'll accomodate you.

Don't be afraid to chat up your waiters/waitresses if you have any questions, or are a fan of Ethiopian food who doesn't see what you want on the menu.  When I lived in Tempe, I was here enough to be something of a regular, and the wait staff would ask if we wanted to try out new dishes, which were always fantastic.
I agree with Ben H. 
The jokes about starving Ethiopians are not only old, they are ignorant and tired. 

That being said, I would also like to address the age old question: to Lalibela or to Blue Nile? 

Well, I was a die-hard Lalibela fan. It seems to me that those who eat meat prefer Blue Nile, while those who chomp veggies like Lali-better. I have been both a meat-eater and a vegetarian at both places, and I have to say that based on the Ethiopian cuisine, Lalibela wins for me every time. The spicy chicken use to be my favorite... well, you can read my Lalibela review too. 

So what brought me back to Blue Nile? Chef Ron. On Sundays and Mondays (from open at 11am until close at 10pm), Chef Ron serves up the very best in RAW CUISINE! 

That's right, folks. Chef Ron is the resident expert in raw vegan cuisine and he shows off his talents at Blue Nile two days per week. Before you think, "why would I pay for a bunch of raw rabbit food?", you should know that raw cuisine has depth, complex flavors, and usually requires a sophisticated palette. I like it anyway. 

After some raw dolmas (I wasn't so big on the collard greens wrapping), Super Yogi and I ordered the living lasagna while hubsky went for the onion bread sandwich. After the requisite "my food is cold" jokes, we dug in. It was tasty. The flavors of the zucchini flat noodles with the spinach and mushrooms (which I usually avoid)... the tangy marinara... and most of all the cashew ricotta... ok, it would have been nice if it was a little warm, but it was delectable. 

Hubsky's sandwich was tasty, but the grain mustard was a little much for me. The sandwich was packed with tasty veggies and tons of flavor. 

I saved room for the cinnamon roll, which apparently is a staple while the rest of the menu changes based on local availabilities. It looks small, but it packs a punch. 

The thing with raw cuisine is that you can't have expectations. For instance, if you order a cinnamon bun and expect a warm doughy mess, you'll be disappointed. This is indescribable. No, I tried. I can't make it sound anything close to what it is. Just know, it is cinnamony and rolled up. 

Some other sample menu items include mango chili, watermelon gazpacho, zucchini hummus, banana ice cream, and orange cream pie with dark chocolate crust. 

Have I convinced you yet? Get off your butt and go!
Thanks to the Blue Nile, I'm gradually being weaned from my fascination with meat dishes and am getting to appreciate vegetarian cuisine more. I do order their lamb dishes, which are delectable,  but their vegetable dishes are truly the bomb! 

And I love the injera, the traditional spongy flatbread that comes with the meal. The first time I ate at this restaurant, I thought the entree portions were small (I have a huge appetite and can go through a buffet like a vacuum cleaner and not gain an ounce; my friends hate me for that).  But now I believe that the injera swells like a sponge in your stomach, because every time my friends and I dine here, we always leave not just very satisfied with the food, but feeling really, REALLY full ;-)
Ok, now this is my first time. I am qualifying this review to be fair as I am not a cultured eater. I am a steak, burger, salad (I have also ate other cultural foods, but this was the farthest out of my comfort zone that I have been). I have to say that the waitress was very helpful and the food was pretty good, again I am not used to Ethiopian food. The injera bread was alright, kind of a different taste. 
I was told about this place from some customers of mine and I decided to try it with my girlfriend. Now as I haven't given the old 5 star review of this, I will try this again. Maybe with a crowd or group of friends to try that experience. 
The atmosphere was very comfortable and enjoyable and would recommend others at least try it out if you haven't already.
First of all, Google Maps, your walking directions to get here are wrong, wrong, WRONG. My boyfriend and I walked in the completely wrong direction down University, following the directions Google gave me, until we called Blue Nile and were told the cross streets were Rural and University: in the opposite direction. It is hot here, okay? I'm sorry we don't drive but that is no reason to punish us. 

We ended up getting there around 1030 in the morning (early risers) and were confused by the sign on the door saying they opened at 12 PM, when the phone-answerer had just told us 11. They did, however, open their doors at 11, when we entered and were greeted by Marly (sp?), who asked us if we were here for Ethiopian or Raw food, because the raw menus weren't printed yet (new menus weekly-a good sign!) We chose to read over the Ethiopian menu and decide on any additional raw items later. Since we were the first ones there, she asked us where we would like to sit, and we opted for the bright dining room with wooden tables, yellow-orange painted walls, and colorful art and carvings. The other room, with lower wicker seats and curtains, looked very cute, but with much less light, and we wanted to see the food as we enjoyed it. 

What we ordered (caveat--I'm recovering from a cold so my tastebuds are not at their best; you may want to read Daniel's review of the same meal when he gets to Yelp): 

1) Ethiopian black tea - this was an unsweetened iced tea, but still very refreshing, with the wonderful scent of and slight taste of cardamom and cloves. They did not even laugh when I poured (and spilled) some of the tea into my water bottle because it was so good. 

2) Sambusas - we started with one order of collards and potato sambusas (one for each of us). The skin was much thinner than the Somalian sambusas that we're used to, and the filling was much less spicy. The yogurt-based dipping sauce, however, was incredible and really enhanced the dish, although it too was mildly spiced. 

3) Vegan combo - We got the chickpeas, red lentils, eggplant, collard greens, and split peas combo, which is technically for one but was definitely enough for the both of us. They are all delicious although, again, not as spicy as I was hoping for (again, tastebuds and sinuses may be at fault). My two favorites were the split peas and collards. The eggplant was not as soft as I like (I only liked eggplant if it is mushy, personal preference), and the red lentils were too sweet. The best part, of course, was the injera on top of which the food was served, when the flavors have soaked into the little pockets. 

4) Raw desserts: Persian Cashew Custard and Raw Banana Ice Cream. I'm not a dessert person but Daniel definitely loved them. The texture of the custard was great, very creamy, and I think it had a touch of saffron. The banana ice cream basically tasted like cold banana to me, with a raw chocolate syrup that I really loved. 

The service, by the way, rocked! Marly was so attentive and nice, coming up to us often and ready to answer any question. Admittedly, there were not many other people, but I noticed her giving that same degree of attention to a woman who was clearly a regular. I will definitely be back sometime in the next 3 weeks that I'm stuck here in Tempe, to enjoy the excellent food, ambience, and company.
Be warned: this place hasn't updated their store hours. My girlfriend and I went on a Sunday looking for one last place to eat before I would have to leave Arizona and the store sign said they weren't open until 12pm, when in fact, they actually opened at 11am. We only found out of their actual business hours by calling the restaurant and by then we had spent almost an hour waiting at a Del Taco across the street eating $.57 tacos. Agh. 

Getting into the restaurant, surprisingly, was the least pleasant aspect of the trip. Once we were inside, we were greeted by Marley, one of the waitresses. She was extremely nice and did a great job of making us feel welcomed and was very attentive to possible dietary restrictions - such as veganism(she pointed out which dishes had yogurt in them and provided possible alternatives). 

My girlfriend and I, despite already being half satiated from Del Taco, were enticed enough by the menu selection to go ahead and order more than a full meal. We got:

1. Potato and Collard Sambussas - The skin was thinner than most sambussas I've had(which isn't a bad thing - in fact, I enjoyed it very much) which, as a result, gave the sambussa a very nice crispy outer layer. The filling was on the milder side but went very well with the spiced yogurt sauce that was provided for dipping. 

2. Vegetable Combo/Platter -
 - Eggplant - It's a bit tangy and some bites didn't taste like eggplant
 - Red Lentils - Surprisingly sweet - I definitely enjoyed it
 - Yellow Split Peas - This dish was also more on the sweet side - enjoyable
 - Collard Greens - Not bad but not great - more spices please!
 - Spiced Chickpeas - Probably the most spiced dish we got which is a good thing

My main complaint is that the dishes were far too mild for my taste. I wish they had more spice! 

The restaurant, on certain days of the week(only two, I think Wednesday and Sunday?), offers a special raw foods menu. Like most raw foods, it's definitely on the pricey side and portions take a noticeable cut. We got two desserts:

Banana Ice Cream Sundae - The ice cream was nice and refreshing - not overly sweet though at times I felt like we were just eating mashed up frozen banana. The raw chocolate sauce was the real star. It has a very distinct nutty taste that chocolate syrup normally doesn't have. I can see how it is probably a hate-it-or-love-it kind of thing but I absolutely enjoyed the sauce. 

Chai Custard - This was my favorite dish here. Too bad I didn't have enough room to finish it. The texture was incredibly smooth and provided wonderful tactile sensations to my tongue as I ate it. No one spice was overpowering and I could taste all the different spices in the custard(cardamom, chai, cinnamon). Definitely a must try.  

The prices for the food were decent. It was $8.95 for the vegetarian platter which came with a good amount of injera - we definitely left stuffed. The raw foods, on the other hand, are much pricier. The custard itself was $7 - almost the cost of the entire vegetarian platter. 

This restaurant would be great for people with low tolerance to spicy food, but for me, I prefer a lot more kick in my food.
On Sunday and Monday they have a Raw menu and I highly suggest you give it a try. The prices are a tad higher but the resulting flavors are awesome. Check out the dehydrated crackers and cinnamon rolls!

The owners are really friendly and helpful as well.
This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
Sweet Baby Jesus I love this place.  Little backstory: I like my meat as rare as humanly possible. When I order a burger Medium Rare at a restaurant and they tell me they don't do that (which has happened to me at LEAST twice) I literally want to stab someone. Blue Nile will actually serve me RAW meat. It's called Kitfo and it's amazing. It's spicy and juicy and rich and indulgent and would probably shave about 10 years off of my life if I treated myself to it more than once every 6 months or so. It's like eating steak tartar as your dinner, with a side of two amazing veggies (I always get Collared Greens and Mushrooms and they are both awesome).  I've never ordered anything else, but my boyfriend mixes it up a bit and he's never been disappointed.  Last time he got the meat lovers, which was a platter of beef, lamb, shrimp, and chicken, with one veggie side of the collared greens.  I tried everything and of course it was all delicious and surprisingly dissimilar to one another, which to me seems tricky when you're dealing with a lot of curry and spicy based sauces.
Just a side note (which actually makes this place even more awesome despite the slight inconvenience it was to our last visit): This place doesn't serve beer and wine anymore. BUT (and it's a good "BUT")...it is now BYOB!  For just a $5 corking charge! Love, love, LOVE Blue Nile.
They are a little understaffed, but the staff they do have is very knowledgeable and friendly. Take the time for the service, because the food is worth it. It is the best Ethiopian I have ever had. Great! They don't serve alcohol anymore but are a BYOB (with a service tab.) 

We had 4 people, ordered one of their 4 person dinners with appetizers each, a few tea rounds for each, and dessert, and it came to $25 a person. Great price for a great meal! Highly recommended for those wanting some culture and adventure. Just don't be in a rush.
Great food, great ambiance, and at an affordable and fair price.

We ate here on a Monday evening, one of the evenings when a raw food menu  (as in prepared raw healthy vegetable dishes) was available in addition to the regular menu. 

We were in the mood for the Ethiopian food so we only ordered an appetizer from the raw food menu. The Thai cucumber salad was delicious and refreshing. It tastes nothing like a Thai cucumber salad you would get at a Thai restaurant  - this had a creamy  but not thick dressing with mostly mung beans and noodles made out of vegetables with some cucumber and other veggies and mint leaves and sesame seeds sprinkled throughout. It was a great start to the meal. 

We shared two of the combos, trying almost all of the vegan dishes and one chicken dish, and one beef dish. We enjoyed all of the dishes though the lentils with cumin were my last favorite. 

I had  the house brewed iced tea which was also refreshing, having a slight allspice-type undertone - or maybe chai-like (without the milk).
She had lemonade and liked it as well.

We left full and satisfied but not stuffed in a bad way. (Also with two combos we had a bunch left over that we brought back home) We'll definitely be returning to try additional dishes and more of the raw menu. 

We love the fact that this is not a large chain restaurant and has excellent food at a price that will keep us returning.

Overall great experience.
A cool place hidden in the middle of other stuff. Don't get confused by the presentation outside. Inside is a warm and cozy place with yummy food. They have many things for a vegetarian and now they are with this RAW Sundays and Mondays. Give it a try, as well to its coffee!!
Okay, So I'm from the bay area-born and raised...supposedly from one of the places where there are the better of ethnic foods.  I tried Ethiopian food at some place in Oakland, which is supposed to be the best one (there are three or four right next to each other/ across the  street, etc.).  I must say, I was not a fan.  I mean, it was okay, but I wouldn't go back on my own.

Fast forward a few years, and I start Grad school at ASU and my roommate asks me to come with her to her favorite Ethiopian restaurant, The Blue Nile.  I hesitate, but to be nice, I come along.  She goes to sit on the right side of the restaurant, where they have more "ethnic" seating arrangements (wooden stools, and these wicker things where they put the trays of food).  I think to myself, "weird, but okay..."  We get the menu and she tells me what her favorites are, I assess the menu (which is different now than it was two years ago), and we both end up ordering the same thing.

The food comes (no utensils-"ethnic," but I'm Indian, and used to eating with my hands) and we break apart the injira and start eating.  It was sooo good!!  Just thinking about it is making my mouth water!!  The food is well flavored and the helpings are quite hearty.  I think I got the non-veg plate which comes with one non-veg dish (some kind of chicken) and two veg dishes (the eggplant and red lentils).  It is one of the best things I have eaten in  Tempe.

Fast forward another two years, to last week, and I bring my mom and sister to this place.  My mom is excited to try it, but my sister is hesitant.  No matter what I try and tell her, I know she's not feeling it, but I know that once she tastes it, her mind will have changed.  We come, and invite my roommate-since she exposed it to me in the first place and cuz she's awesome.  We order, get our food, eat it, and now it is one of my sister's favorite foods!
Like others who have reviewed before me, everyone always compares Cafe Lalibella to Blue Nile. And aren't Phoenicians lucky to be able to compare two great Ethiopian food restaurants? Heck, I'd never had Ethiopian before coming to AZ, so I consider us lucky to have such great places to eat. Getting off track...I prefer the Blue Nile Cafe for three reasons: Kay Seer Salad (beet salad), Shuro Watt (ground chickpeas with spices) and the House Iced Tea. 

The Kay Seer Salad is perfect - I have tried to recreate it, but can never get the perfect blend of beet, spice, and citrus tang. Even if you're not the biggest fan of beets, you can't help but enjoy this light salad. PS: It's vegan. Half of their menu is vegan.

The Shuro Watt is perhaps the most delightfully blended mix of chickpeas, spices and happiness. It looks like mush, but you can never trust the appearance of the food to describe how it will taste. Just stick your nose over it and you'll be convinced. (Is that a hint of cinnamon? Maybe nutmeg? It's heaven, whatever it is.) I always, ALWAYS get the Shuro Watt when I eat here. ALWAYS.

And there is nothing that compliments a meal better than a perfect cup of tea. One of the waitresses told me the "secret" for their black tea, and again, I have tried to recreate it but not perfected what I drink at Blue Nile. The hints of clove and cardamom in the tea are not overwhelming, but just right.

I have eaten at Cafe Lalibella, and enjoyed it as well, but like I've stated, it doesn't compare (for me) to the Blue Nile cafe.
Came here last night with my friend who has not so much as ventured outside the American food realm.  He finds sushi to be disgusting and didn't even know what Indian food was.  He also continues to ask me about cooking tamales even though he knows I'm Spanish, but I think he does that for fun.

Now when he suggested dinner, we could have opted for his standby of Chili's, but that would mean severely lowering my dining standards.  So I decided to open his eyes to a new cuisine, hence the trip to Blue Nile.  I'm a virgin to Ethiopian cuisine, but I'm trying to go the way of a pescatarian, and I know Ethiopian is very friendly to the vegetarian.

This restaurant is located in the multicultural strip mall just east of Rural on University.  Total unsuspecting place of great food.  We settled into the second, larger room which has seating more traditional to that of Ethiopia.

I was excited and menu offered so many choices.  My friend was completely lost and not sure of what to do.  We both settled on the samplers, me with the vegetarian and him with the meat plate.

When the food finally came, it was arranged on this huge plate with injera at the bottom.  It didn't look like a lot to begin with, but looks are deceiving, as I couldn't finish a quarter of my dishes.  I can't remember the names, but I got the garbanzo beans, split lentils, eggplant, mushrooms, and squash.  I love eggplant, and the eggplant was my least favorite.  Everything else was just too good!

My friend loved his food, even though he was unsure of what he was eating.  It was his first time trying lamb (I don't know how that's possible at 22), but he really enjoyed it.  Surprisingly we didn't make a mess, which seemed impossible to do.

Overall, $22 pre-tip for a huge and flavorful meal, awesome deal!
Very good lunch specials, and the food here in general is delicious.  The lunch specials include drink and are very reasonably priced.  Service was great.  The vegetarian dishes are the best to get here, and the injera is always good.  I like Blue Nile better than Cafe Lalibela, I think the dishes here taste better.
I began my love affair with Ethiopian food last year when I went to visit a friend in New York and he opened my eyes to the delights of this interesting, yet amazing food.

I'm not sure if I can actually classify it a "love affair" being that I have only been three times now, but it is what it feels like. With my recent gluten allergy, it has been terrible finding carbs and luckily the Injera bread is 100% gluten free (it is made with teff) so I can eat to my hearts desire!

Another really neat thing about Blue Nile is that they serve a small raw menu every day, and a full blown raw menu on Sunday and Monday. I don't know of anywhere else in the valley that does this, so definitely a great thing to see! I cannot wait to come back and try their raw creations. That is, if you can pull me away from the injera :-)

Now, the one drawback that ALMOST turns this place from a 5 to a 4 is that they have the scariest parking lot I have ever seen. I made Dallas G. watch me walk back to the car, in broad daylight, just to ensure I was not accosted. Well, that, and I have a great ass ;-)

Oooo and they have this magical tea that has such a unique flavor. I absolutely love it!

Extremely affordable, very tasty, great service... WINNER!!!!!
My first introduction to Ethopian food, and I can remember it like it was yesterday.  It's interesting and unusual, but nothing about it could be offensive.  It's just not *that* weird, despite how it looks and the way you eat it.  I don't know if I would recommend going for your first time w/out someone who's been before.  I wish it was served at a higher temperature and that the men's room had been stocked w/ paper towels, but otherwise I have no complaints and look forward to returning.  As a side note, the hummus here is excellent, and I would recommend starting with it if you're a little nervous about the whole idea.
I always enjoy eating family style with a group. That's the way to do it when you visit Blue Nile. My first visit was a few days ago, and I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Luckily I went with some people that knew what to get.

We ordered a platter with some meat in the middle, and vegetarian sides around the outside. You eat by tearing off pieces of this spongy bread they serve with the food, and grabbing what you want off the tray with that. The food was simple items that were liberally spiced. 

I enjoyed my experience, and would gladly return.
Absolutely amazing! We accidentally discovered this place our first night that we moved to Phoenix while looking for a place for our vegan and gluten free friend, and have gone back at least monthly ever since.

The portions are perfectly sized, and the prices are ridiculously low. The food is incredibly tasty, both vegetarian (even vegan) and meat alike. Whether you're in the mood for straight up Ethiopian, or wanting more of the traditional falafel, they have both options.

Their house iced tea is a spiced chai (remembering that chai actually means tea), and is really refreshing. I love their lentil soup as well.  And then there are all of the delicious veggie options; I like to get the sampler with 5 choices for around $8.50, but if you only want a main one and 2 sides, they are all under $7 (for the veggie ones). The injera is fun to eat with and very tasty.

Also, we love the staff.  Always friendly, willing to make suggestions, help a newbie to Ethiopian when we've brought friends, and more. We actually celebrated our anniversary here because we like it so much; complete with raw, vegan pumpkin pie.  Best pumpkin pie I've ever had, and there wasn't even any pumpkin in it.

Blue Nile has stolen my heart, and I'll be going back quite frequently.
I was so excited to go and this was my first time having Ethiopian cuisine. I went with a friend who had been many times. The food was great but the service was HORRIBLE!!!! The girl sat behind the counter on a personal phone call for about 10 minutes before even bringing us menus. Our drinks also took a while to arrive. Once we ordered our food it came out pretty quick but then a personal friend of hers arrived and she ignored us for more than 30 minutes!!! We were the only people in there (other than her friend, of course)!! We ran out of injera which of course meant we had to stop eating and it wasn't until we interupted her personal conversation to ask for more that we actually got some. We didn't interupt her until we had sat without bread for at least 15 minutes. I overheard her tell her friend she was new so hopefully Blue Nile will realize she is worthless and get a new Employee who is more concerned about doing her job than socializing. 

All of that said (phew) the food was great and I will give them one more shot to provide some customer service. I work in the service industry and bad service is my pet peeve!! 

I've heard a couple people mention Lalibela and I think I will try them next time.
I had a lunch date here in January.  Anna said Ethiopian was her favorite food.  So, I said that I always wanted to try Ethiopian and suggested going on a date.  It was easy to hook her in because I asked her to her favorite food!  The date was pretty good, and the food was better.  I was surprised that I liked Ethiopian.  It's not my favorite, pizza is still #1!  Ethiopian is unique because there is no fork, and you use this rolled soft bread to scoop the food.  

Additionally, it was cheap.  We split a meal for only $11 after tax and tip.  I was kind of annoyed that my date offered to pay her half because it was so cheap, and we split our food.  I ended up paying for hers, and unfortunately, she was flaky, didn't call me back, and was an unsuccessful first date.  However, the one thing I can treasure about our date was having the opportunity to try Ethiopian.
Every time I go I am thrilled.

If you haven't been for raw nights (Sunday and monday now, used to be fridays) you should really check it out. Its fresh, inventive and tasty! A lot of raw food tastes like an experiment, but they have obviously worked out the kinks before serving it here.
If you are nostalgic for Gentle Strength (the co op that closed), it may not live up to your memories, but it is good enough that you'll create some new ones here.

The menu is still exceptional all week long, serving up an array of perfectly spiced vegetable dishes. Yes, I said perfectly. Usually if I eat out and love something its "almost as good as I make" but I've eaten here a ton and DDDDDAMN they rock my world

I don't eat meat, but I have brought plenty of picky carnivores here and they all love it too.

the vegan coffee cake is simple enough to make you wonder why you don't make one yourself but then suddenly you'll awake with a craving and nothing else will do.

This food really is addictive and i'm not trying to quit any time soon!
The location and decor are downscale, but the food is delicious, inexpensive, and healthy.

Plenty of vegan options.

There is no alcohol served, but the spiced tea was very good.
Maybe it is not the fanciest restaurant around, but food there is superb. 
Any time i m back to Phoenix, I will go back there for a dinner.
by far my favorite restaurant right now. I've been at least 10 times in the last 6 months. I love taking new people for Ethiopian food. 

The injera is really good and a nice change of pace from the normal breads or fries you get in other restaurant types. 

The healthy eater is delicious and has some great spices. 

The curry chicken is a very mild curry and is packed with flavor. A little difficult to eat with the injera, but they'll give you a fork if you ask. 

The Gored gored is pretty good too. Most people's stomachs churn when they think of eating raw beef but it's actually pretty good. I think it would be a bit better if they used a higher quality cut of beef, but it was still pretty good. Covered with some great spices and you don't even notice that it's raw. 

For vegetable sides, i prefer the split lentils, the chickpeas and the carrots and potatoes. The lentils have a cinnamon type spice in them that makes them great.

Some nights the service is a little slow, but for the most part they do a good job. They are very helpful will explain anything if you have questions. 

They also serve raw dishes on a daily basis. Last time we tried the raw cinnamon roll.  Not sure why it's called a cinnamon roll. I guess it did have cinnamon in it, but it didn't look or taste like a cinnamon roll. One of my friends said it tasted like a Clif Bar, which it totally did. It was pretty good, not sure if its worth the $5-7 for it, but it was something nice to try once.
I am a meat lover! That said... this is one of only two vegan friendly / vegetarian focused restaurants that I love and crave! I love the ambiance with friends, and you can't beat their black iced chai!
I know little about Ethiopian food. I'm an adventurous eater, and was taken here to try it. And I must say, now, that I am a fan! 

The food was very cheap, and incredibly flavorful. So, if you're on a budget, and want to either impress a date with your culture, or are a foodie, this is a great place to try! I am writing it only as 4 stars only because I haven't tried any other Ethiopian food. However, I pretty much don't want to risk tr.ying another place ;)

The Ethiopian tea they serve is fantastic, along with your meal. The portions are generous, along with generous amount of of injera. We has more than enough food around us, and left stuffed.

The dish that especially impressed me, was the curry chicken. So much so, that I continually kept enjoying the injera in the sauce. 

All the vegetarian food was delicious! I, unfortunately, don't remember the names of everything, but the greens were some of the best I've ever had, along with a lentil dish. 

Also, I rated this good for kids, however, that's only because I have a toddler that eats anything! If you don't have problems feeding your kid unique food, I suggest an attempt!

In short, if you're a big food fan, or want to be a little more adventurous on your food options, especially for a great, fair price, try Blue Nile!!
This place is close to my university and perfect for a sunday lunch. With a wide variety of dishes in the menu and the soft injera bread, this ethopian place is a must visit.
OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE! so much that i even get it to go when no one is willing to dine with me. that means a lot. great for vegetarian/vegans. i recommend sitting in the traditional room for the whole experience. the staff are usually very friendly too.
Really great food and good prices. The atmosphere is nice too. The desserts are soooo good.
After letting J know I was taking him out to dinner for his birthday last night, I had to decide on a place to go. He wanted Indian. I wanted...something different. I told him, "We're getting Ethiopian." His reaction and response, "Umm, I'm trusting you on this one!" LOL  He'll try anything, as long as "animal flesh" is to be consumed. So, off we went to Blue Nile for dinner! 

The plaza where its located should have the "Its a Small World" song playing, because there is everything from Pizza to Thai in that plaza! 

We walk inside, and being the only ones there, we pick out what i think is the best table in the place (in the traditional seating area, in the corner). We sit down and Amir, our server, is extremely helpful! He suggests we try the Meat Lover's Combo for J, and the Vegan Combo for myself. We also order some Chicken Sambussa. 

The Sambussa's come out about 10 minutes later, nice and hot. J bites into one and says, "This is awesome!" Whew! Dodged a bullet there! I try one and it reminds us a little of an egg-roll. Tasty! NEXT! 

Our dinner comes out a few minutes later, and Amir points out all the different dishes we ordered - Which one was which. We tear into the injera and dig in! Wonderful!!! We sampled each others dishes, and the results are as follows : 

J's favorites in order - Zegeney, Inguday, Lamb Tebbs, and Misir Watt 
J's least favorite - Chicken Tebbs (J said the chicken was a little dry) 
My favorites in order - Shrimp Watt/Misir Watt (TIE), Zegeney, Begerdan, and Tikil Gomen/Atkilt Watt (TIE). 
My least favorite - Kik Alitcha (we got to try it for free, thank goodness) 

They were out of the Gomen Watt, which was unfortunate. Oh well! Next Time!! Cause we'll be back!!  :)
We went to this place for my birthday, wanting to try out something new. We'd never had Ethiopian food and we were very adventurous. Be warned, we had a GPS and we had a very hard time finding it, it's tucked away in a little corner!

Once we found it and stepped inside, we were definitely wow'd! The waiter answered our questions about the food, and suggested that if we really want the Ethiopian experience, to try out the Strictly Vegan combo. We ordered Tikil Gomen, Misir Watt, Kik Misir Watt, Gomen Watt, Shuro Watt, and the Dubba. We fell in love with the Shuro and the Misir Watt. The Shuro is chickpeas in a cinnamon/spicy sauce, and the Misir is spiced lentils. Soooo tasty! Even non-vegetarians will enjoy this place, and they do have meat dishes.
I prefer Indian food, but decided to venture down a few doors to The Blue Nile Cafe. It wasnt bad. Interesting atmosphere. The food was pretty good, but I really didnt like the injera. I dont know if I will return here, but I will definatley try this cuisine again.
It has been a while since I have eaten at Blue Nile.  Maybe a year or two.  I remembered thinking that this place was not very good flavor wise compared to Cafe Lalibela so I have been going there instead.  However, I had a coupon and was craving Ethiopian food, so my husband and I thought to give this place another try.   So glad we did.  I'm not sure if there is a new cook in the kitchen, if it is under different management,  or if my memory just isn't that great, but things seemed a bit different from what I had remembered..and definitely for the better.   For example, they now seem to have a raw food menu, which I don't recall them having back in the days and their regular menu seems more extensive than before, allbeit a little confusing sometimes.  For example, the non-vegan entrees come with your choice of two veggie sides (from the vegan menu) but that is not stated on the menu.  Nor is it stated on the menu that the veggie sides one chooses from for their meals are listed under vegan entrees since these  "sides" may also be served as entrees.  It makes sense, but all this is not readily apparent when you just look at the menu.  

The food was excellent.  My husband and I both got the Blue Nile Messob, which is a combination plate that includes a half portion each of beef tebbs and chicken doro wat, and three full portions of any veggie side.  My husband had the tikil gomen (cabbage and potatoes), a lentil side I can't recall the name of, and one other side which I also forgot.   (I was too engrossed in my meal to pay attention to his).  LOL.  I had the gomen wat (collard greens), begerden (eggplant), and duba (yellow squash).  Each side was not only full of flavor, but also had their own distinct taste and texture.  My husband commented on how he preferred Blue Nile to Lalibella, because at Lalibella a comparable dish would have sides that kind of run together in flavor and texture.  I think I would agree with him to a certain extent.  Not necessarily in flavor, but definitely in texture.  The veggies and such at Lalibella are, I believe, put through a food processor and so the natural texture of each veggie is lost.  But at Blue Nile, the veggies are instead chopped into small pieces.  A small difference, but it does change the experience of the food.  

With the coupon (20% off) we spent about $26 including 2 non-alcoholic drinks and a 20+% tip.  

I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibella.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibella), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibella).

Open 7 days a week from 11 am - 10 pm.
Lunch specials on week days from 11 am - 3 pm.
Sundays and Mondays they serve raw and organic food, as well as their regular menu.
We come here a lot for lunch. Such reasonable prices (usually around $16 total with drinks) and delicious healthy vegetarian choices!  Love the injira bread and all the choices. We haven't tried the raw food menu much, but hope to in the future. Their falafel salad is great.
gotta love their RAW chocolate treats!!!
We heard about this place from Yelp, and decided to check it out today. It's located in a strip mall close to ASU and the light rail, and is quite affordable, so I guess it's really popular with students. It's a largish restaurant, really casual---so much so that you can sit wherever you want, no hostess seating. The menu had plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, but we went for the meat lovers combo and creamy chicken curry. We asked for shrimp instead of chicken in the last one. The food arrive in about 10 minutes, and was delicious. We wanted to share the food, and the server said if we had informed them earlier, they would have divided the portions into two different plates! Plus points to them for being so cool! The injeras were really filling, and we mopped up the spicy vegetables, lentils, beef curry and chicken served in the meat lovers combo. Two of us couldn't finish the whole thing, so we just got a box to go. I would have given them five stars but their menu did not have any fish items. I'd had Ethiopian food in Los Angeles, and simply loved the grilled fish we'd ordered, and I was looking forward to order that here, but it was missing from the menu. But I'm definitely coming back here for more.
Very yummy.  Great for vegetarians and non alike.
I tried this place last night for the first time, and I really enjoyed it. I've had better Ethiopian food (try Cafe Lalibela) but, kudos on adding more vegan-friendly restaurants, Phoenix!

It seems like the vast majority of items on the menu are vegan... why don't they just bite the bullet and make them all vegan? That's my only question.

I very much enjoyed the Ethiopian hot tea which came in a large pot to serve two people. I also loved the vegan combo sampler, which (if you order two of them, plenty of food for three people) allows you to try one of everything! The injera is especially delicious.

While I wouldn't quite say that this is my favorite Ethiopian food restaurant in Phoenix, it's certainly growing on me. Next time... I'll try dessert.  :-)
This review is long overdue.  Unfortunately I generally forget to review places and the ones that are the most memorable (ie: the worst or the best) are generally the ones I review.  Well anyway, a friend and I tried this on a whim because neither of us had tried Ethiopian food before and hey they are veg friendly which is always nice for me.  We went when it was fairly empty - I think it was a week night or something - so the service was kind of lacksadaisical (did I spell that right....I've always wanted to use that word in a review) and I'm pretty sure our server was doing homework behind the register but hey whatever, we weren't in any kind of hurry.  She was very helpful when it came to answering our questions and advising us on what we should try and I wish I could remember what we did have but it's been too long and I admit that I just kind of went with her suggestions.  The food was pretty good, not spectacular, but tasty and filling.  I loved the spongy flat bread but my friend did not I think mostly because of the texture.  I think we both ended up preferring what the other one got which is always entertaining.  Our waitress also suggested that we try the blueberry honey wine which was AMAZING!  I would go back there just for the wine!  Overall it was a pleasant experience and if I could find someone to go with me I'd go again in a heartbeat.  Ethiopian food doesn't quite break my top five favorite foods but it's pretty good and hey, I love any restaurant that serves a lot of veg food!
I must be the only person not giving this place a 5. I went here because of the reviews and I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure if this is because my taste buds are different or I went on a bad day? 

I went here for my birthday in April of this year and the food was disgusting....to me. I tried something from "raw food" menu and my husband tried an Ethiopian meal. 

This was the worst food I ever had in my life. If I could give this place a zero I would. Again, I was going to try something new, and I think that maybe, I'm just not into Ethiopian or raw food? I'm going to try another Ethiopian restaurant in the future and see if its just me or if it was The Blue Nile. 

But yeah....ill never go here again. After a few bites of everything, we didn't touch our food and basically wasted money.  We ended up canceling desert, tipping really good because the waiter was amazing...but leaving without a to-go box.
Hands down, the most fresh and well-made food I have ever had the pleasure of eating! Very cute hole in the wall with cozy seating and a friendly atmosphere. This place is a well-kept secret but deserves high praise for their unique and flavorful menu. Always a must for when I visit AZ!
I finally tried Ethiopian food!  Blue Nile Cafe is a groovy little restaurant in Tempe.  My friend JR and I sat in the back room, which was very quaint.  I was able to try six of the dishes, due to the fact that you are able to add two sides to your plate.  My main dish was the Tikil Gomen ($6.99), which is a flavorful cabbage and potatoes dish! JR enjoyed the Blue Nile Tebb ($8.99), which is a beef dish with onion and green chili. Loved the fact that I could try so many dishes by us strategically not ordering the same side dishes.  My two favorite sides were- Kik Alitcha (delicious pureed yellow split peas) and Kik Misir Watt (red lentils with Ethiopian spices).  Very reasonably priced and excellent service.  I am excited for my next trip to the Blue Nile Cafe!
Good. Good good good. I love Ethiopian food, and the fact that this and Cafe Lalibela are so close to each other makes my heart feel all warm and fuzzy (and my belly feel all full and satisfied).  It's casual-intimate in setting, and really not pricey at all, either, which makes this place perfect for a lunch or dinner date for those of us who scrape by on teacher's salaries. The place is vegan-friendly, which for omnivorous philistines like me only matters when we're in meat-hating moods, but which is kind of a big deal when you consider how tough it can be to find good vegan options around here. They have a weekly raw foods menu, too, which is really great.

I haven't really noticed much of a difference in the quality of, well, everything, between this and Cafe Lalibela, but your mileage might vary. You can't really go wrong here, and I've never had it be so crowded that you can't get seating really quick. The service is fantastic, and the food is good, and the atmosphere is quite nice. Don't hesitate to try.
This is my first time trying Ethiopian food and i can't say my taste buds agree with the food. Can't give a true rating on the food since am not sure how their food suppose to taste like. I was surprise that all our orders are put together in one plate over a sour-like bread. I didn't even know which one is mine. We are suppose to eat the food with the sour roll bread with our fingers, which i don't mind. I love finger food! However, I didn't like the sour taste in the bread therefore it kinds of ruin my taste. Also, i thought the soup that comes along with it was salty. 
And if you're use to Vietnamese coffee, their coffee is not very aromatic and has a somewhat tart taste. 
As for the price, very small portion for a high price!  

Aside from that, I love the traditional setting. It's a very intimate setting good for a group of friends to chit chat. There are low basket seats with a low woven basket table. Also having all the foods order being on one huge plate and eating with your fingers giving you a sense of intimacy with your guests, being that they don't mind the germ.
It was good.  Cozy, nice place.  If you are in the mood to try something different. Then this is a good place to start.
I love Blue Nile! I have read the reviews saying it's not as flavorful as Cafe Lalibella down the road; however, I find them both to be extremely delightful and delicious. I love the veggie/vegan/raw options that are available. As a person with many veggie friends, this is always an easy and healthy choice to pick. They also have tea and amazing coffee. 

The only thing that is usually not impressive about Blue Nile is the service. Although there are a couple of nice people on the waitstaff, it's overall not up to par. If you go at a slow time, though, no worries.
I love Ethiopian cuisine...I first tried it in San Francisco because my uncle knew someone that knew how to make it!  It was amazing and then a really good family friend is from Ethiopia and he has just introduced me to even more fabulous food!  I would eat it everyday if I could...
Blue Nile was the first Ethiopian restaurant that I tried in Phoenix.  I always passed in when I was in Tempe and one day I decided to try it.  I was impressed!  It was really good!  I do not know the names of the dishes but it was the chicken and I got it with the mushrooms and lentils...and of course the spongy bread that you eat everything with...I love the fact that you get to eat with your hands its awesome!  I wish that I would have been able to try many dishes at one time but that is ok...This place is great but Cafe Lalibela has the special place in my heart!  I will return and I do encourage people to try this place...
This place is a serious no brainer for vegans! Lots of options to choose from considering they have a vegan section on their menu. I got the vegan combo to go and everything was delicious. The portion sizes are large and I got over 2 meals out of my take out! I wish it was a bit spicier since siracha flows like ketchup in my house, but it was all very flavorful non the less. Tried the vegan raw strawberry shortcake dessert from new raw and organic menu and it was ok. I wasn't crazy about the frozen strawberry portion as it tasted like Italian ice, but the creamy filling and crust under that satisfied my sweet tooth!
As a vegetarian with a fairly adventurous palate, I love Ethiopian food. And now that I work in northern Tempe, I'm here all the time. It's filling, flavorful and inexpensive. I can have a pretty big dinner for less than $10. If you, like me, think spiced (though not particularly spicy) vegetables are the greatest things on Earth, definitely pay a visit to Blue Nile.
I was disappointed with Blue Nile. I normally go to Cafe Lalibela right down the street when I want Ethiopian, but I thought I'd give this place a try. Most of the food tasted like it had been cooked yesterday or was made with canned vegetables. Their salads are good, but the entrees were a waste of my money and I definitely won't be going back.
I am an adventurous eater and I love ethnic food...this was a new experience.  The waitress was extremely helpful in picking out the dish that would allow my friend and me to try many different things.  I loved eating with my fingers, well using the bread to scoop up each of the dishes.  This is a place worth trying.
I am not a vegetarian but you don't have to be to appreciate Blue Nile!  Great food and lots of it, friendly staff who are happy to explain anything on the menu, and one of the few places where 2 different atmospheres are offered... One side has tables like any restaurant but the other has small stools and pillows where you can sit around a tray of various entrees and share with your friends and family in a cozy setting.  Really cool place, don't miss out!
I really enjoyed the set-up of the restaurant. The side room looks very authentic. The staff are nice enough, although the service isn't exactly prompt and polite. Great food!
Blue Nile is one of my favorite places in Tempe! I get something different almost every time I go and I have been happy with everything I've eaten. I especially like their vegetarian dishes (more than the meat ones, which is surprising because I'm a big meat eater) and I LOVE their sambussas. So good. Also, their lunch special is great because for around 10 dollars you can get a vegetarian entree, a meat entree, and two sambussas.
Blue Nile offers something for everyone. They offer Raw foods during Mondays while the entire week they offer dishes for Vegan, Vegetarian, and Carnivores. The staff is very friendly, but some days the service can be a little slow which is quickly forgotten once you have your food in front of you. Their house ice tea is delicious with all its spices (reminds me of chai tea). As a omnivore, I always find myself ordering and devouring the Strictly Vegan Combo. The shuro watt (chickpeas), kik alitcha (yellow split peas), and inguday (mushrooms) are a must try. I love Ethiopian food and eating with my hands...the restaurant is heaven!
First of all, I LOVE Ethiopian food and have hit spots all over the world. That being said, this doesn't rank towards the top however it is good and also less expensive than many other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to. But all the same, nothing out of the three items I had really grabbed me. The same goes for my friends who also dined. The Kik Masir Watt was the most watery I've ever had and somewhat of a small portion too. It's my absolute favorite item on any Ethiopian menu so I was a bit disappointed. The flavor could use some tweeking too. They really need to work on this. The injera was good but could stand to be more sour. The Timatim Fitfit salad had one the strongest most unique tastes I've ever encountered but please understand this is NOT a salad but a puree (aka soup). Big difference, guys. Still, it was quite good however because the taste was so strong it was rather difficult to get it all down.. and we're not talking huge portions either. The final item was the vegan floret crunch which is lightly browned cauliflower topped with a rather heaping serving of sesame seed dressing (too much dressing!) and served over lettuce. This was a bit bland and could have used a couple of spices however it was still tasty. Long story short, I think they're onto something here and I appreciate the effort but they need to work out some kinks. Maybe I'll try it again way down the line..
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! I had never eaten Ethiopian food before and this place has me hooked. Since I've eaten here I've been a bit more adventurous but I keep going back because there is no taste like their food. Their Rose Water Lemonade just adds to the unique-ness of this place. You have your option to sit at a regular dining table or sit at a tradition Ethopian table. 

At times the service can be a bit and off but the food makes up for that. I don't eat meat so the fact that they have such a large variety of veggie choices makes it all the worth while for me. They give good size portions of everything and if you let them know that there is something wrong they set out to fix for you right away. 

I absolutely recommend Blue Nile!
Blue Nile has great raw food.  This is important,, because there aren't too many places available to get raw food now.  Although it is bit pricey, having raw food available is important, due to the role the enzyme plays in the human body.  Raw food will cure cancer and make all other degenerative diseases go away.  It is true.  Read about it.....

Since Rawsome Cafe of Tempe, which used to be in the old Coop on University, just west of Mill, I have had to go to Pomegranite which is all the way in Ahwatukee.  

Thank you Blue Nile.  Your Ethiopian food is good too, but I'd love to see that raw food menu expand.....
Blue Nile has amazing raw food! I love going there to grab a bite on Sundays and Mondays! It is fresh and healthy. Also, the normal menu has great vegan options! I took my grandparents here last month and they both agreed that the food was among the best they have had!

I recommend EVERYONE try their strawberry and orange vegan coffee cake, it is AMAZING.
We visit this place almost every weekend. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Some really great dishes to try are the lentil sambusa appetizer (the sambusa's are STUFFED with lentils and they are served with a yummy dipping sauce), the curried chicken (it's a pretty mild but very tasty curry), and all the legume-based wats. The injera is the real thing, made with teff (supernutritious)! A filling, healthful, and fun way to share a meal. :)
Great food, great prices and great service. You can choose to sit at a normal table or on the floor (nearly) style. Lots of vegetarian choices as well. :)
Friendly service, great vegan choices, flavorful food.  I love their spiced black tea, and vegan strawberry coffee cake.
Ok, Ethiopian food. Came here for lunch and had nile tibs which is sautéed strips of beef with onion and peppers. This was salty and chewy to boot. The best part was the  caramelized onions and rosemary. It was part of a lunch combo with pea stew and an eggplant dish.The eggplant tasted mostly of tomatoes with a hint of berbere ( a traditional ethiopian chile spice). Instead of a symphony of flavors like you look for with Ethiopian food Blue Nile Cafe's dishes were one note and unimpressive.
Turned a friend on to this place a couple of weeks ago. 

We had the Ethio Strictly Vegan Combo.

We picked:

Shuro Watt
Dubba
Kik Alitcha
Misir Watt
Kik Misir Watt

....and also we had the Vegan Falafel Salad which was very fresh, and the presentation was a work of art. Kudos to who put it together.

Almost seemed a shame to eat it! 

The server was prompt, very friendly, and extremely helpful when it came to choosing what we wanted to combo up.

I would not hesitate to come here again and would totally recommend this place to all my grass munching friends.

.
This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe. The food is great with many vegetarian options. The atmosphere is usually pretty quiet and the servers are all nice. Highly recommended
Great food but a little pricy for the small portion that you receive.
I'm obsessed with this place.  I feel bad for just getting around to reviewing it.  We go every Thursday.  Food alone this place is 5+ stars, it's so fun to sit on the traditional side.  Bring out of town guests.  I am not vegetarian but prefer the vegetarian ethipioian food.  Everything is good but I love all the lentil dishes, the cauliflower floret crunch and the Ethiopian coffee with Orange coffee cake is AMAZING!  Service is hit or miss and I mean really hit or miss.  Go early when the crowd is small.  It seems as if there is always one server working.  When it gets busy, make yourself comfortable. :)
This place tasted awesome!! A little tiny hole in the wall but no reason to avoid it. It was also my first time eating Ethiopian food. It totally rates in my top five favorite cuisines to eat.

We started with the Sambussa, that was very good. The dipping sauce I think is what made it! 

We got the healthy eater platter with chicken atkilt and chicken tebbs. I think I liked the tebbs better though both were great.

I got my sides of kik misir wat and tikil gomen. 

My husband got the Shuro Wat and inguday along with a main of I believe zegeney. 

Overall it was really good, I also loved how we ate the food with our hands using the Injera.

The wait staff was also friendly.
it's a great place to experience. had a tasting menu and everything was really good. they have a cute traditional rooms with cool chairs.
{Dates of Actual Visit: 3/9/12 & 3/14/12}

Good food, good service.  I'm a little late on my review as Blue Nile is now closed, but I came here twice before it closed down.  I'm a little disappointed that they are converting this to a middle eastern spot, but I guess it is redundant to have Ethiopian restaurants in such close proximity.  I learned that the owner has opened up a new restaurant Tsom, but I feel like each Ethi place offered something special.  The Veggie Combo and the Curry Chicken were good.  The Veggie Sambusas were tasty and the Vegan Coffee Cake was AMAZING!  How do they get it SO creamy?!

I would also like to thank the owner for his hospitality as my friend had to do a project on teff (the grain that injera is made from) and he allowed us to see how the Injera was made.  Thank you!
The Blue Nile Cafe is now called Juba...yes it is the second location of the place in Phoenix.  

Duong (my wife) and I went to Juba at this location is Tempe.  We ordered a Vegan combo for the Ethiopian style food.  The food was okay, but well, if I want Ethiopian food, I have two choices, and my wife will agree with me:

1) Between my wife and I, we can make better at home, as we have learned how to make most of the Ethiopian style foods from our Ethiopian friends in Nashville TN.  

2) We would go to Cafe Lalibela, just about a block away from this Tempe location.  The place needs a major makeover, and I hope that that new owners, who now call it Juba, put the effort to remake the place.  Many things in this place need to be updated and look old and unkempt.  

As far as the food, Duong and I had the following:

1) Shuro Wat
2) Misir Wat
3) Gomen
4) Mushroom Wat
5) Eggplant Wat

The food was okay, and gave us additional ideas as far as what else is in Ethiopian cuisine, but the food is really too "AMERICANIZED" for our taste.  It does not taste anything like the Ethiopian or Somali style food we have had elsewhere.
This place is still open, but the name has been changed to Juba, and it is under new ownership. Same spot though, and the food has pretty much stayed the same besides a few changes in the menu. 

Anyway, I absolutely love coming here. My friend, Molly, is one of the servers, and I love her for introducing me to Ethiopian cuisine. It's definitely a very interesting blend of flavors, but now I come here about once or twice a week and stuff my face. I recommend trying both the vegan combo and the pita sandwich with chicken or falafel. The coffee drinks are delicious too and since they're made with Ethiopian coffee, the taste is very unique. 

If you've been hesitant about trying Ethiopian food, just get over it and go try the food at Juba. You won't be disappointed!
I have never had a bad meal here.  The place is small and unassuming but it can get pretty busy during lunchtime.  I usually get one of their combination platters where you basicaly pick any three dishes on the menu and they bring it to you with a pile of fresh warm injera bread which I honestly think is my favorite part of Ethiopian food.

I usually opt for one meat and two vegetable dishes because it's a lot of food either way and I feel like I have a better chance of finishing if I go with two vegetables.  I've had the beef, the lamb, the chicken, the cabbage, the red lentils and the green beans and they are all good but my favorite is probably the lamb with cabbage and green beans.

Five stars for being the only Ethiopian food around and mighty tasty.
I must admit, I don't think Ethiopian food is my end all, be all. I've had it twice since moving to Phoenix. It's not that I shy away from eating with my hands. It's not that I don't appreciate the culture, or how unique of a dining experience this is... authentic as you're going to get in the Valley, I can imagine. 

It's not any of those things... I think it's the food. Now, c'mon, I'm not going to lie. The food is tasty. It's just not what gets me going. I went to Lalibela with a couple co-workers. I was looking to get out of the office and enjoy some chit chat. Mission accomplished. Yet, can 3 people seriously get full from sharing a plate of Lalibela's finest? I think not. Besides, I get kinda skeeved out when dirt or food gets caught under my nails. Yikes. (Watching my co-workers pick at their fingers after the meal was not the most pleasing way to polish off my lunch.)

Sounds like I'm complaining, right? Well, I'm not trying to. I mean, this place is good. Don't get me wrong! I s'pose if you enjoy Ethiopian food and eating with your hands (and strange textures and really thin bread), then this is the place for you. 

I give it 4 stars for what it is: a really good Ethiopian restaurant... With, if you didn't know, really good chai tea. Oh, and the food... Well, I'll let you decide for yourself. Maybe it's your end all, be all.
Great Ethiopian restaurant in Tempe.  Compares very favorably with Ethiopian restaurants in Washington, DC, Dallas, and New York City...

We ended up at an Ethiopian restaurant (Cafe Lalibela). We ordered lamb, chicken (doro wat), beef along with potato, green beans, and turnip greens for veggies. Very tasty. Silky bread here compared favorably to Addysbia in Dallas. Prices were incredibly low. If I hadn't completely destroyed the USB Card Reader, I would have pictures of the great food. Also didn't get to take a picture of the girl in the corner that got Viper dubbed the name "Mr. Obvious". Her boyfriend looked annoyed.  :)
This place is amazing. I have yet to have something there that I did not love and I have been there plenty of times.
The food and experience is wonderful, there are plenty of meat and vegetarian options on the menu and the way it is served will make everyone happy. 
The food is brought to you on a plate on top of injera, a flat, spongy, moist bread with a taste similar to sourdough. Pieces of injera are torn off and used to scoop/grab bites of the portions, no silverware. They have traditional Ethiopian drinks and liquor, too.
They have lunch specials where the portions are served wrapped burrito style, which was my first experience and absolutely amazing.
Cafe Lalibela is a must, something wonderful to experience, a delightful culinary peek into another country and culture. You won't be disappointed.
My husband and I came to Lalibela's for Valentine' Day and it was the perfect dinner. Every time we eat at Lalibela, we keep wondering why we don't make the short drive there more often.

Tonight, we tried one of the Ethiopian wines, a sweet red called Axumit. It was nice -- I think they might even sell bottles of it to take home,although I'm not positive.
I love all the vegetarian dishes here, especially the Shiro Wat, which is ground peas with berbere and onion. Also, I always try to order their home-made crumbly white cheese to add to the dishes -- they're often out of it, because it takes a long time to make, but it's delicious if you can get some.
The tiramisu and the coffee is also very good, as well as the Koranti, which is hot tea with some ouzo in it.

Overall, this place is just fabulous. I've had Ethiopian food in places like San Francisco and D.C., and Lalibela's has come out on top every time. The crowd is pretty nice, too. Lots of people from varied backgrounds frequent the restaurant, as well as what I think of as the NPR crowd -- you know, the ones with glasses and funky jewelry who have loud, obscure conversations about astrophysics or medieval Bosnian literature or the deplorable state of the world's organic strawberry farms... that could be because Cafe Lalibela is a sponsor on KJZZ, though, which actually was the reason I sought it out when I first moved to Phoenix. Just another reason to support this place!
Hmm. I've been to Lalibela twice, both times for lunch, and had wildly different experiences. Now, I lived in Washington DC for a couple of years and developed a great love for Ethiopian food. DC has the world's second largest Ethiopian population (second only to Ethiopia) and the Ethiopian food there is divine. 

So I was hesitant about Arizona Ethiopian food, and my first trip was not encouraging. I went for lunch with a friend and ordered the three-item lunch sampler. The food arrived right on the plate - no injera to soak up the saucy goodness! A little disconcerting. There was also rice, which I've never seen in an Ethiopian place. And then, the real crime: a FORK. I was given a FORK. Heresy! But while the presentation didn't seem all that authentic, the food was delicious.

The second time, though, also for lunch, was an entirely different experience. The food came atop injera on a big, round platter, the way I've always seen it done, and there were no forks! The food is amazing and I'll definitely be back, but man, I have to ding them a star for giving me a fork. Come on!
No complaints about Cafe Lalibela.  I now know where to get my Ethiopian fix in the Valley.  We ordered some kind of large platter, with vegetarian and meat selections.  It was DELICIOUS.  We also had some Ethiopian red wine that paired perfectly.  

Mmmm.  Injera.
I have been going to Cafe Lalibela since it opened, which was a few years before I even moved to the valley.  I have never had a bad experience or anything less than excellent food.

They have an enormous menu, but I usually tell the waitress to bring me whatever is good - and vegetarian.  The waitstaff is prompt, attentive and very helpful.

The food is the star, from the injera to the teas, you simply can not go wrong at Lalibela.  Ethiopian food is unlike anything else, and it is SO tasty.

My only problem is convincing my friends to go with me!
It would be difficult for any of us who haven't been to Ethiopia or have experience with a variety of Ethiopian cafes (maybe if you're from DC you could qualify) to be a stringent critic on the quality of Lalibela, but what I DO know is what tastes stunning regardless of a specific palate for niche-ethnic-food.

Based on the savory deliciousness of the Lalibela Exclusive -- a party platter consisting of [doro wat, kye sega wat, alicha sega wat, misir wat, gomen, yebere sega tibs, fosolia, yebeg alicha sega wat, tikil gomen and yekik alicha served with ayeb and selata] uhm, food n stuff that you use to envelope with a sourdough-like flatbread made of teff flour, I will gladly hand over the coveted five-star rating.

The platter had various meats -- beef, chicken, and lamb -- as well as lentils, beans, greens and herbs.  The vegans (level 4 - heh.) were able to share the meal along with the carnis without a complaint.  Between 6 of us we took down 1.5 platters.  The daunting task of finishing it all off was too much for us to handle, but i had no problem downing my Ethiopian light beer "Harar", which was honey-sweet and tasty and made for a perfect punch to wash all that culture down.
Great food. As someone who's traveled to Ethiopia, I can tell you that they do a fantastic job at cooking traditionally. However, D.C. and NYC Ethiopian restaurants kick ass in the states! 

Enjoy!
Lalibela, you are my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley. I travel to you from Sunnyslope as often as I can. Everything you serve (vegetarian) is delicious, and I often think of your food. Consistently delicious and satisfying you are. You have never disappointed me; this is why you are one of my favorite places that I will never turn down if offered.
Lalibela is the best Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley.  It's a thousand times better than Tina's in Chandler (don't waste your time).

I was turned onto Lalibela by my friend, Filmon, who's Eritrean.  He agrees that Lalibela is the best Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix!  In fact, it was Fil who turned me on to Ethiopian food as well!  His mother sent some doro wat and sega tibs to him and he shared it with me.  I'm originally from Kansas and had never tasted anything like it.  I loved it.  And thus began my love affair with Lalibela and Ethiopian food.

I've eaten lunch at Lalibela three times and each time has been delightful and satisfying.  There wasn't a wait at any point during my three visits.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  The menu is easy to decipher - the dishes are explained in English.  The prices are good.

I've sampled pretty much everything on the menu.  We always get a large platter with injera.  Doro wat, sega wat, gomen, sega tibs, kitfo (my favorite), and selata, to name a few.  They also serve drinks and have desserts (mostly Italian or American).  The food is a little greasy (mostly cooked in butter or animal fats), so it's best to have a hot cup of tea after the meal to break up the fat.  

The restaurant itself is unassuming.  There are some nice touches.  They give you little wet naps to clean your hands before and after the meal, which is nice.  There's also a few interesting pieces of art on the wall - one of the most intriguing is the one that displays the Ethiopian alphabet, which is very large when compared to the English alphabet.

My only disappointment: they're closed on Mondays!
I've been to Cafe Lalibela a number of times, and every time I leave stuffed and satisfied. The menu is a typical Ethiopian menu, with entrees, meat or vegetarian, served with "injera" (flat bread) but all the dishes I have tried have been as good or better than any other Ethiopian restaurants I have been to. My favorite is the fosolia (green beens + carrots), but really all the dishes are great. I went with some friends for the Ethiopian Millennium celebration Fall 2007, and was treated to a fully delicious buffet. Would definitely recommend if you like Ethiopian or are looking for a different experience.
I visited here with another couple friend of ours this past Friday, and was I pleasantly surprised. The four of us split there "combo" type dinner and it came out on this massive round tray/bowl with Ethiopian style bread. There were a variety of meats, including beef three ways, lamb, and chicken. There were lentils, peas, green salad, and a few other types of vegetable sides. The food was fantastic to say the least, and the dinning experience is so unique, you eat with your hands and use the bread to prevent you from getting it all over yourself. I truly enjoyed all of the new flavors and the social aspect of Ethiopian dinning.  The prices were also very reasonable, that monster dish was about $40.00. There are native Ethiopian wines and beers available (but I chose to take a night off from the sauce) so I can't tell you if they were good. 

If you are interested in broadening your food horizons I would most certainly suggest trying this place. Staff was also friendly and attentive (important to mention). This place is no frills though, and attire is definitely whatever goes. I think this is good for large groups as well as first dates and small parties!
As a former vegetarian/vegan, I've recently been discovering the (full, not substitutions or single-option style) menus of my favorite places. The vegetarian platter at this place is so good, though, that I really don't even have that desire. Okay, maybe I'm game for the chicken stew with a hard-boiled egg as an option, but come on. It's a stewed hard-boiled egg.  How could I not? 

Misir wat, the red lentil stew, is by far the tastiest thing on the vegetarian menu, but the gomen and fosolia (greens and green beans, respectively), are also good, and completely different. Each dish is seasoned differently, so the platters offer flavors that really compliment each other (rather than blending). No garlic overload or trite use of the same spices over and over. The greens are definitely sporting some garlic, but the green beans are sweet and light. Everything is stewed here, but the variety of meats and vegetables allows that. Plus, I think I read somewhere it's traditional? : )

Salads are unimaginative, the vinaigrette is just that (but goes well with the bread, as vinaigrette tends to do), one tomato wedge per person rule seems to apply. I wish someone would ban iceberg from restaurants. Bread is amazing, spongy and sour. Soup is good, a bit salty, very thick and noodly. When low on cash, that plus one stew will do you ok. Beers are Ethiopian, as is the wine. I've tried both beers and the white wine they had, I favored the Harar beer with my meal.
wanta try something a little different and good?! hit this place!! ideal to go with a few friends and split the big combo... gives you a little bit of everything and oh so good!!
Lalibela was lovely. The staff was superb and friendly and the food, particularly the fosolia, was delicious. I tried the number 17 on the menu, which was a sampler of three dishes. One lamb, one beef and one vegetarian. The flavors on the lamb and beef dish were pretty similar, but it might have just been the combination I ordered. 

The injera was very spongy and sour, like sourdough bread. We all commented on the fact that it was very filling, so I recommend you use sparingly to start. Even though they recommend trying three entrees, I would probably have been happy and filled to capacity with two. I also enjoyed a tasty Ethiopian beer called Bedele. It was really hoppy, but good. Overall, a great experience. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more vegetarian dishes.
Love this place!

After having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.

Can not complain about anything.
OMG, oh so good. Gives me gas and makes me tired after lunch, but it's well worth it.
I have been waiting to try Lalibela for a few weeks and was extremely excited to hit the cafe up last night. I must say, I was a tad disappointed.

We had GREAT service. My drink was never dry and we got our food really quickly, but this could be because we got there at about 530PM and there was only one couple eating. 

The food was good, but not overly flavorful. We got great portions, but I think they were a little overpriced.

The cafe itself is relatively cool. They have some interesting painting and artifacts on the wall and are in an easy to find location.

I will go back again. It was good, but it wasn't great.
This place is very good.  I hit it up at least bi-monthly.  If you're vegetarian, this place is a must.
So good.  I have only ever had lunch here, and I usually just order the luncheon special of picking several dishes and enjoying them with the spongey bread (injera) and rice.  

Doro wat which is spicy chicken, is amazing, the lentil and cabbage dishes are awesome, and....  drum-roll, the gomen is frickin fabulous.  Seriously, if you've ever doubted collard greens before (and I know they can be mischievous tricksters, hard to rely on) give them a second try.  And stir that second try with garlic and onions on a plate at Lalibela.  I think Gomen may possibly be my deserted island only food.  And maybe raspberries.  But not together.  

The service is good, quick, friendly, and it's kind of an interesting place to people watch.  

Now, that said, it could be a bit more like the Ethiopian restaurant I went to in Minnesota that turned into a no-cameras, funk club after 7, serving copious amounts of Tusker beer, named so after it's creator who was gored to death by elephants.  

But it's not.  It's just Lalibela in Tempe, AZ.  And it's good, nay, great.  Because I go there to eat.  Not to dance to crazy live funk music and get inebriated off of elephant-death beer.
Been there many times and loved it every time. I tried many things from the menu and they are amazing especially for the spicy food lovers.
Prices are reasonable but the lunch porsions can be a little bigger.
soooo delicious! I really miss this place. The veggie dishes are flavored to perfection. The lunch specials are an amazing deal and the owners/servers are friendly and attentive.  I only wish they served organic produce and meats!
Something amazing happens at Cafe Lalibela. The bread (whatever it's called, screw you elitists) expands in your stomach and continues to do so for hours after the meal. Shortly thereafter, you will fall asleep for twelve hours. It isn't really that unpleasant - you just won't be hungry again for another two days.

The food is so great! And filling and hearty, and just GOOD! Nomnomnom. I've never eaten Ethiopian food before this, but somehow, it tastes like what Mom used to made. Warm, fuzzy feelings. If you can make it to dessert, have the Raspberry Mont Cake. It's a treat with several delicious raspberries at the base, surrounded by white chocolate mousse and a hard pyramid-shaped pink shell.

I am so happy to live down the street from this fine establishment.

NOM!
I honestly prefer the food served at the Blue Nile.  Too bad that Tina's Ethiopian Cafe in Chandler closed- her food was the tastiest I tried here in the valley.

While I do like the environment here, I really dislike the slow service.  My first visit was for lunch with a coworker, and we both enjoyed the lunch fare.  My friend's beef tasted almost like Filipino adobo.  I had a veggie plate that, while flavorful, did not make me want to recommend it to others.  I've since tried it two more times with group members of the Phoenix Vegetarian Society.  Still do not like the service here.  I've always noticed that tthe servers do not smile, and it's like squeezing blood from a stone to start a conversation with the staff.  Tina and the servers at Blue Nile ALWAYS smiled and conversed with me.

Lalibela's injera leaves me wanting for Blue Nile's better-tasting spongy bread. My aunt agrees with me, as well.  Also, the portions here are less than the portions I get elsewhere.
Lalibela is significantly better than Blue Nile, which is the other Ethiopian place in town.  Portions at Lalibela are larger and the food is also much better.  I've tried all kinds of different dishes, from the various meat dishes to some of the veggie dishes and even some of the interesting beverages they have, and it has all been good.  If you're looking for a unique but good dining experience, this is definitely a good place to go to.
I enjoyed this restaurant very much.  The food was good and tasted very "homemade".  I had the chicken, beef, and cabbage.  You can mix and match entrees or try one of their combinations.  There is a lot of flexibility and a lot of choices.  Of course, the main part of the meal is the bread, which is spongy and delicious.  The atmosphere is casual and service is friendly.  I will go back again.  It is good to eat something different once in a while.
This was real dissapointment because I really trusted the reviews but I realize there are couple of important factors. 1. this is college town 2. Az  (no offense) isn't the capital of great food. 3. a 20 yr palate is different from a 40+ yr old palate.
Sorry to be such a snob but truly this food was just okay. If you're a foodie and really know great Ethiopian I would suggest you don't eat here. while the wait staff are really wonderful the food was just okay, presentation is nothing like usual Ethiopian fare (family style). The Dobo Wat was ordinary and my favorite (Gomen) was tasteless. they didn't include that grumbly cheese and my Doro didn't have the typical egg. The sauce lacked flavor.
This is one excellent Ethiopian restaurant, rivals anything I've sampled in Washington DC or Seattle.  If I lived in Phoenix, this would be a Top-5 restaurant for me (along with Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles - yum!).

Lalibela takes a slightly different approach to their menu.  Many of the entrees are offered as small portions ($4.50-$6.00 each).  They suggest each diner order 2-3 of these to make a meal. Kitfo and Lamb Tibs dishes are offered as full entrees and like many Ethiopian restaurants, you can order combo plates (meat combo, veggie combo, house combo plate etc.).  This made deciding on our meal a little more complicated, but also offered more flexibility for sampling different dishes.

Our favorite dish ordered was the Lamb Tibs (the spicy version with Awaze spice paste).  Lamb was soooo tender, and the spices were a delight - rich in flavor but not too hot for those with tame palettes.  Good thing it comes as a full order - four of us were competing for bites!!  We ordered a half portion of Keye Wott (beef in a spicy brown sauce) that was some of the best I've ever had.  Again, rich in flavor but not too spicy.  My favorite Ethiopian meat dish is Kitfo - choice beef sort of like steak tartar (servered raw or lightly cooked) but with Ethiopian spices.  Lalibela's was pretty good, just not transcendent like the Lamb Tibs or Beef Keye Wott.  The vegetable dishes were on a whole excellent - especially the yellow lentils, gomen (collard greens) and spicy (Wott) lentils.

Staff was great - attentive, helpful service.  Unlike some Ethiopian restaurants, this one is very user-friendly.  Although in some cases  the menu accommodates American tastes it doesn't compromise on quality or authenticity.  One note on the injera (sponge-like bread used to scoop up the entrees) - it's a mix of wheat flour and teff (a grain indigenous to Ethiopia) and I don't think it's fermented like injera that is made with 100% teff.  I'm used to the latter, but you can argue Lalibela's injera doesn't compete with the flavor of the entrees as much.

All in all, one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, and I have been to many in the States.  Only problem now is whether my favorite Ethiopian restaurants in Seattle will still taste as good!  Highly, highly recommended.
I only have 1 wishes.....that I lived closer to Lalibela or that the'd open one closer to me.  I really enjoy their food.  It is flavorful and the price is great.  I always get the spicy combo, mild combo, collard greens and string beans and carrots.  Its plenty of food for 3 and super cheap, especially at lunch.  The injara (spongy sourdough pancake like bread you eat the food with) is delicious and high in protein.  They have really great desserts too.  Most definitely worth a trek if you don't live near by.  And if you do live close, I'm jealous.
Lalibela has the best Ethopian food around. The flavors are all amazing and everything --veggies and meat alike-- is stewed to perfection. I would recommend the "Lalibela Exclusive" or one of the other samplers. If you don't eat red meat, just ask them to substitute those portions with their favorite alternative. Try on the Ethopian teas or the delicious stout with your meal. The staff is also incredibly friendly and of course, everyone loves to eat with their hands, right?
This is very delicious, but the blue nile up the street is my favorite ethiopian.  I recommend everything but the lamb. I really like their doro wat, too. the shuro wat and collard greens. its very good.
Whenever I travel, I like to find an Ethiopian restaurant. It's usually in a part of town one wouldn't experience whilst staying in the business district. And it's usually an eatery, run by a husband and wife team, that's friendly to solo eaters, as I sometimes am.
On top of all that, Ethiopian food is HONEST--it's meat and veggies in straight-up yummy sauces, good for your body and mind!

Here in Tempe, Lalibela is a good example of that down-home mom-and-pop cooking, Eth-style.

It's also a great spot to bring your friends and family. When you do, try the sampler platters; they're the best way to eat Ethiopian, emphasizing the communal nature of the feast (eaten with hands, not flatware).

The teas are delicious too.
To consume what Lalibela's has to offer is essential to a proper functioning system. 

It's good for you. 

It's also great not to fret over utensils, and rather... use those fingers. 

GREAT!
I'm salivating thinking about the Lalibela Exclusive - the sampler plate for three. My friends and I ordered it and our pants were bursting at the seams when we were done! And we still hadn't cleaned house! I definitely recommend.
Granted, this restaurant has been my sole exposure to Ethiopian food, but it is _so_ good. For around $15-19 you can get an _enormous_ tray full of 10 or so different veggie and lamb/beef dishes,  all on a bed of sour injeera bread. Great for sharing between 4-5 people, with extra bread on the side. As long as your dining company doesn't mind eating "with their hands," you'll have a delicious, fun meal. Good thirst-quenching drinks too. Last time I was there, I wanted to try their "voted best in the valley" tiramisu for dessert, but they were out. :( Attentive service, still.
Don't be intimidated by this cuisine, it's excellent. Word of advice: go when you feel you're on the verge of dying from starvation. It's extremely filling and the portions are rather large. It's a great vegetarian option, as the veggie side of the menu eclipses the meat section. Some foods are mildly spiced, though the dishes are largely savory. Unfortunately, I can't remember the names of any of the dishes, minus the bread, injera, and the generic name for the dishes, wat. Injera is spongy in texture and the taste is reminiscent of sourdough, the wat dishes are essentially really thick stews that don't require a bowl. My personal favorite dish is the cabbage/carrot mixture. Don't worry that you don't see dinnerware, the server didn't forget. Instead, you tear off pieces of injera and pinch pieces of wat. On top of the basket of injera you'll get on the side, your food will be served on a large piece of it. This place is definitely a destination restaurant on Tempe's "restaurant row" between Priest and McClintock on University.
Cafe Lalibela is the best (of a total of two) Ethiopian restuarants here in the Valley. Tina's closed before I could get there, but Lalibela's food is on target.

As a vegetarian, I can only review those foods, but the veggie wats are flavorful, spiced right and completely filling. The lentil wats are delicious, and the lunch sampler earns you three different wats (servings of various dishes). The injera is really good here, and you must ask for more if you eat forkless, as Ethiopians do. 

The waitstaff is very friendly, and attentive. They're always smiling and patient, and I got to know them a bit when I worked in Tempe.

For lunch, get the (I'm giving my favorite secret away) spiced iced tea. They'll brew it for you cold, and it's a refreshing, herbal way to complete your lunch at Lalibela. For dinner, I prefer their Ethopian beer, which is one of the better Middle East/African beers I have had (blanking on the name).

Take friends or family here, and share a giant platter together. Get your hands dirty, sop up some wat with your injera, and have an experience here.
FIVE MEATS!  That beats our family staple of three per meal.  Oh, I guess you could get that by ordering a meat lovers pizza which would be served similarly on a round piece of dough, but you wouldn't be living on the edge - come on, real Ethiopian food served by Iman look-alikes!   Okay, it was only four different meats, chicken, fish, lamb, and two beef stews, but each was uniquely flavored - could have used some indicators about which was which - didn't really matter, we made it, the chick peas, lentils, and collard greens disappear so fast that names are meaningless.  Maybe the image of lean people ekeing out any type of sustenance from the land made our hands move from the communal platter to our mouths in a continuous rhythm while the food was plentiful.  That was my first experience with African food and the spongy sour crepe-like injera bread, and I can't wait to introduce the kids to finger eating!
This was my first foray into Ethiopian food and I was impressed.  It's a cross between Indian and Morroccan, with the wonderful addition of injera.  I loved the family style, non-utensil, get your fingers dirty style.  I had some definite favorites, but without labels on the 15 items I tried, I have no idea what my favorites were).  Looking forward to going back for more.
Yum! This place hit the spot last night. I had dinner plans with a friend and we were both craving something flavorful as usual, and also wanted to go somewhere we haven't been. Scared of encountering yet another lackluster Thai restaurant we decided to try Cafe Lalibela and convinced two other friends to go with us. I haven't had Ethiopian in awhile and it was like experiencing it all over again. 

The inside was small and quaint... and packed! However, after being told we'd have a 20 minute wait, we only had about 7, which was great because the smell in the place was exquisite and was starting to make my stomach sing. 

The four of us ordered the Lalibela Exclusive with the addition of an order of the Asa Wat, which was fish. I had a glass of Ethiopian honey wine to go with it. It was incredible. I was so glad we added the fish because that was by far my favorite, followed by the spicy beef. The cabbage and potatoes was pretty delicious too, though I didn't really find one thing I didn't care for. It was very flavorful and the injera was the perfect addition. The wine was great also. 

The service was pretty slow, which became an issue with us wanting to hit up sweet republic after and we had to hunt down our check ourselves. It wasn't enough that I wouldn't go back again though. And again. And again.
Cafe Lalibela is fantastic.  I love eating there because the food comes super quick and it tastes delicious.  It's healthy, tasty and fills you up for a long, long time.

I am, in no way, an authority on what makes for good Ethiopian food but I know what I likes, and this place I definitely likes.  I dig the atmosphere and the music that's always playing that totally makes me think of a smooth jazz station in Africa or something.  

Yesterday I went and got some grub here.  The food came quick as usual and it tasted extraordinary, as usual.  But, man, there were these damn kids running around.  These people sitting across from us must've brought like 8 goddamn kids with them.  Somewhere between 8 and 10 totally bad kids that ran around and were loud and singlehandedly gave me an aching headache.  If I wasn't a pussy, I would have told them that they're selfish, yuppie fuckheads.  What are you thinking bringing that many kids to a place without a ball-pit?  Kids don't wanna eat at a quiet restaurant, they want to jump around and swing around and shit before totally passing out somewhere.  That's what kids do.  I don't blame the kids for being bored... I'd do the same shit.  I blame the parents for being such retarded, wanna-be cultured fucks.  "We'll bring our sophisticated children to get African cuisine.  Mmmmyeessss.... that's what I plan to do with my afternoon."

There's not much the dude who works there could have done, unfortunately.  I mean, people who let their kids act like assholes would freak out if he told them that the kids were maddeningly loud.  They'd be like, "We're not paying the bill, shall never come back and will tell people there are rats in the food.  Whole rats.  No, it doesn't make sense but it's gross."

Aside from that one incident, the place is great.  I love it.  I don't eat here as often as I'd like.  Something tells me that with the monster gas this place gives me, I'd be super healthy and would benefit from hitting 'em up on the montly.

Fantastic-O.  Five stars.
Lalibela is my favorite lunch stop in Tempe. It is a great place to go to grab a quick $10 lunch with a friend. The service isn't the greatest, but because of the nature of Ethiopian food (everything is a stew) the dishes are delivered promptly. The only word of warning I have is to not get stuck in the back corner, as the server tends to forget the people back there. 

I always get the 4-6-8 for lunch, which consists of:

Misir wat (Red lentils with a little bit of heat, although the level of "hot" can tend to vary from day to day)
Tikil gomen (A delicious potato, carrot, and cabbage combo)
Azifah (Cold lentils, with a bit of jalapeno for flavor)

The Injera (bread, which doubles as your eating utensil) is perfect and spongy. Note: Don't order the "half and half" with rice and a half injera, instead get the full injera so you don't need to use a fork.

 If you want a fun, quick business lunch in Tempe, go to Lalibela
Lalibela is definitely an establishment for food connoisseurs; so if you unfortunately happen to be a good ol' fashioned American (gosh darn it!), requiring your plate of food super-saturated with salt, submerged in boiling lard, priorly frozen, served in a bag, or lacking any sort of flavor other than greasy; then this is not the place for you: for all others, a must. 

WE recommend getting one of the three-combination plates (the vegetarian or the MEAT are both excellent) during lunch hours, only $7.99; and it comes with a free fountain drink. Plus, you must try Injera (Ethiopian flat bread). Also as a side note, their Ethiopian beer is surprisingly quite tasty; and it pairs well with the food. 

What will it taste like may you ask? Think of this, imagine for a second that if it was at all possible for a plate of delicious Indian cuisine to somehow mange reproduction with a full-of-flavor-and-spice plate of Persian cuisine with the ending result a sexy Ethiopian platter of food baby. And there it is--in your mouth.
Went for the first time today with my sister for lunch. Small and quaint restaurant. Service was fast and efficient. 

I had never had Ethiopian food before, and had been putting it off because honestly, it just didn't *sound* like something I would eat. boy I was wrong- it was very good! Flavorful, and just filling enough without making you feel stuffed. I wasn't sure how spicy it would be, so I ordered the mild beef. It wasn't spicy at all, so I know that next time (and yes, there will be a next time) I will be braver in my ordering. :-)
Wow, I do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different.
I went with a group of friends, some of whom are vegetarian. We had 3 children with us. It is in a strip mall on University. It has very basic decorating. The owner was our waiter, his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time.
We ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything. We ordered injera bread and various drinks. I frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were CLEARLY not freshly prepared but froma steam table. Who knows when it was prepared! Sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge. I will not go back again. This is not the first Ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best.
Dinner for two on a Friday night at 6:45 with no wait!  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  I had the hot coffee leaf tea (or something like that) which was good, much like a traditional black tea, not too strong.  My friend tried the honey wine, which she liked.  It tasted much like mead I've had in the past, sweet with a good kick of alcohol.  We got the chef's favorite and vegetable sample plates, everything on it was good.  I'm not sure what the cheese like stuff is, it was a bit bland, but I guess it was probably meant to be sprinkled over the salad.  Lalibela's will be thrown into my rotation when I'm feeling like something a little different.
Took some friends here the other night, following the Tempe Oktoberfest, and had the big platter (plenty for four of us).  It was tasty, as always, and I think the newbies enjoyed it as well.  For those concerned about trying this cuisine for the first time, just imagine that it's like Italian meets Indian food.  At least that worked for us.  Definitely check this out.
We went with other CS in our culinary tour. They were kind to sit all of us (more than 20 persons). Good service, and the ladies were patient to take our order. We had the party trays, which says it is for 3, but it was good for 5 average persons. You get to try more than 4 different things and be satisfied. 

It is all about trying...and this is a good place to start!
Definitely worth a visit. A lot like Efes in food style. I wish the bread was more pita-esque. Personal preference of mine. A little disconcerting at the bottom of the plate when everyone's bare-knuckling it into the grub.
I love it. I mean, I LOVE doro wat. Always have. I have been looking for good Ethiopian food ever since I left Los Angeles and I almost feel like a jerk for saying Lalibela is not the best I've ever had, but it is a close second. Besides, Ethiopian food happens to be my favorite so you really can't give me anything in any Ethiopian restaurant that I'm not going to inhale. 
The best part about this place is that you can order a single-serve plate. Meaning, if you are a party of two (which we were), you are not forced to order one huge plate meant for three or four and share it by reaching across the table at each other. My date, Uncle S.P., ordered the same dish as I (chicken, beef, lentils, salad) and I added a glass of what I think is a pretty good Pinot Noir for $5! The two of us left there stuffed to the gills for around $40. I could have used more spice (as in heat); maybe I'll ask for that next time. The injera is really good, too - good, fluffy texture that just melts in your mouth.
Best vegetarian resteraunt in the valley. You will not find anything better. A++
Dont let the name ethiopian get in the way. Try it for yourself.
This place used to be a favorite lunch spot of mine when I was living nearby! It was always so tasty, colorful and fun! The service was always pretty good! My only complaint is that my belly was always quick fill to up with injera... that stuff is intense and soaks up everything. I think there's still some down in my stomach lingering from last year.
I was encouraged to join my Aunt and Mother at this restaurant for some traditional Ethiopian food.  My Aunt is from Dallas, and works with some Ethiopians and said that the food was great.  Had a ton of flavor and was something different.  I was completely out of my comfort zone, but I said "what the hell?" and went along for the ride.

I certainly am glad that I did. I have been back several times.  We had one of the traditional combination meals to be shared by the three of us.  It was great.  

For those like myself who have never eaten Ethiopian food before, here is a little run down of what goes on.  First, you order as a group and their serve your platter family style.  They give you some injera, which is like a pita or tortilla that you use to then pinch your food as you eat bite by bite.  The injera is somewhat gummy, and has an unusual texture which definitely takes getting used to.  If you visualize grabbing some hummus with a piece of pita bread, that is what you are doing when eating your food.  It's more of a pinch than a scoop, but I think you catch my drift.  The different food that they place on the platter is called Wat.  My favorite was the doro wat.  The coffee was excellent as well at Lalibela.

The restaurant itself is nothing too spectacular, but it didn't bother me.  It was extremely clean, and you could tell that care was put into everything about the restaurant.  The staff was very helpful, and showed pride for their product and their country.  I look forward to coming back again.
I was lucky enough to get to dine at two Ethiopian places during my last week in Phoenix.  After Blue Nile, I was dying to experience Lalibela and get another taste of Ethiopian food.

I came here during lunch, and I have to say their specials were awesome.  $7.99 for your choice of 3 options of meat or vegetarian, injera or rice, and a drink.  Pretty good deal if I do say so myself.

I settled on the veggie options of the two lentil dishes and the green beans and carrots with injera.  My guy got the three meat dishes and injera.

The food came quickly, and I have to say these portions are much bigger than Blue Nile.  And I think these might be a bit tastier.  I loved the spicy lentils and the beans and carrots.  And the sauces in my guy's meat dishes were equally amazing.

Now that I've popped my Ethiopian cherry, I'm determined to learn how to cook some damn good Ethiopian food.  I doubt it can match this place, but I'm not going to be finding Ethiopian in Salem and I need my fix!
Right across the street from two Tempe favorites, Cornish Pasty Co., and Cheba Hut, Lalibela completes a triangle of great Tempe spots.

This restuarant is better than Blue Nile in every way. It's nicer, the food is better, the portions are larger, and the service is nicer.

The prices are very reasonable too, and their sourdough like bread is tremendous.
Finally got to go here again for my 2nd time after a long wait from the 1st time.  I enjoy this place, it is very different that almost anywhere else we go both in food and atmosphere.  The lunch special is very affordable and gives you a chance to try 3 different foods.
I had Ethiopian food for the first time in Solvang, CA and fell in love. I tend to like tangy food and boy did this cuisine deliver. Rich, savory, tangy flavors.. *Drools*

This place has delicious, authentic, affordable food and good service. The only thing lacking is the environment. The setting is a bit boring and dated.
I took my girlfriend to Cafe Lalibela for Valentine's Day, because no Hallmark holiday would be complete without injera and spicy lentils. She was an Ethiopian neophyte and also has a spice disability, so she ordered the mild beef stew, collard greens and the homemade cheese, which was similar to feta, but milder and not as salty. I ordered the Vegetarian combo: collard greens, the cabbage and carrots, green salad and lentils. The novelty of using an neatly rolled spongy napkin as a utensil makes me blissfully content and causes a childlike glee at subverting the norm. The did not have honey wine, which was a disappointment, but we did order the hot tea with cardamon, cinnamon and other treats. The portions were more than filling, although the garlic in the collard greens would cause the entire cast of Twilight to run for the hills. Overall, it was a lovely meal and I would give it two food stained thumbs up.
I had been waiting for my extra weekly cheat meal to try this place. I finally got sick of waiting and went for my Sat night feast. I have regrets.. regrets that I didn't go sooner!

This was absolutely delicious. I went with two other people and we ordered the "Lalibela Exclusive." This is primarily a combination of their meat dishes with a few of the vegetable options. Sadly I wont be able to review in detail as I usually do because there was so much on the plate I could not remember what exactly was what. There was nothing on that combination that I didn't like. There were a few things I liked more then others but everything was tasty.

I don't think I would recommend this place for a "first date" but would be a fun night out for an established relationship. The whole messy, eating with your hands, making a big mess, just doesn't seem like the best first impression material ;)

What I have found sucks the most about trying all of these new places is that I want to go back right away and cant :( I felt this way about both Lalibela and Los Compadres.. But the list of places to try is big and I'm having a GREAT time doing it.

injera:
This is your fork for dinner. Its a light airy tortilla/pancake like bread made of teff flour. Pretty sure this stuff expands in the stomach because we were all surprised how full we got and how quickly.

Pros:
Great combination pricing. Three of us walked away stuffed, having tried nearly 3/4 of their menu for about $15 including tip.

Plenty of seating even for a busy Saturday night.

Very sweet wait staff.

Cons:
Kitchen/Service is a little slow

Communal eating is fun but easy to spread germs. Make sure everyone is healthy and with freshly washed hands :)

Pretty sure my hands will smell delicious for a few days.
I've lived in this part of Tempe for years and years and have driven/biked/walked past Cafe Lalibela at least a million times. I knew nothing about Ethiopia or Ethiopian cuisine and even though I love trying new places, this was never on my list. 
What a fool I was. 
I loved the smell in the restaurant. I'm not sure if it was curry, but that's what it reminded me of. 
The menu taught me new words like Wat and Injera. So not only did I leave feeling satisfied with a delicious meal, but I'm smarter now too! Hooray!
You eat with your hands, which kinda weirded me out, but then I got into it. I split the meat platter and a bowl of the lentil/tomato soup with another person and it was more than enough for both of us. The meats were spicy and flavorful and the thin, spongy sourdough bread was divine. 
They have been in business for about 15 years, so go them!! They are not just doing something right, they are doing everything right. Cafe Lalibela is a triumph and Tempe is a better city because of this restaurant.
My first Ethiopian experience in AZ.  Jared's first Ethiopian experience ever!  

Friday night - no food in the house - I throw around ideas of places to go, Jared nixes them... this is how the evening started.  But somehow I convinced him to get in the car and head towards Tempe.  I knew there were some Ethiopian joints, and I somehow convinced him to try Lalibela!  We both really enjoyed it!

Mona was our waitress... and she suggested we share the #16 (Meat Combination) and #17 (Vegetable Combination) to give us a variety of dishes.  That would've been plenty, but I also wanted to try the #10 (Shiro Wat / Ground Peas), so we had that too... oh and since Jared was starving, he ordered a Shorba (Lentil Soup) to start.  

The soup was just ok, but the food was delicious!  We loved the injera (Ethiopian Bread).  and used it to eat the variety of dishes served on a big platter.  Our favorites were the Gomen (collard greens), Fosolia (string beans and carrots), and Key Sega Wat (spicy beef stew), but literally everything was good... we were stuffed after almost cleaning the platter!

I have some friends that have more adventurous palates (ahem, Colleen C), so I look forward to sharing more Ethiopian meals with them at Lalibela in the future!

And one last thing:  for anyone questioning Ethiopian eating etiquette, it says on the front of the menu that "traditional Ethiopian etiquette disapproves of licking fingers while eating (even though it may be tempting to do so).  I hope that anyone that shares future meals with me at Cafe Lalibela will adhere to this too.
The food was flavorful and plenty of it. Eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your momma proud. My girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage/carrots. It all had kind of sweetish/bitterish/spicy flavor. I had the lamb and jalapeño dish, which was kind of greasy. You eat with your fingers and can scoop up the food with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe, which goes well with the food. I'd be happy to go back and try something different.  If you are used to frozen pizzas and Burger King, you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume.
This is not the most authentic Ethiopian food, but it is one of the better ones in AZ. The food was full of flavor and spice. The sour injera (spongy bread) with alicha sega wat (beef stew) is delicius. I also enjoy getting the combos which includes three different stews. It's a great way to find out what you like.
I've heard all the jokes..."Ethiopian food? I thought they didn't have food in Ethiopia?" Hilarious. Now go and try this place!

It's basically piles of meats (Wat) or veggies cooked slowly with lots of flavors and served on Injera, a sourdough-tasting spongy bread that resembles a large crepe. You tear off pieces and scoop up the forms of Wat or veggies. I cannot pick a favorite of the meats, although the Alicha Sega Wat is very good. I love the Misir Wat (lentils) and Gomen (collard greens - very garlic-y).

Save room for dessert. A little known fact, but they have some of the Valley's best Tiramisu. I happen to love their Tres Leches cake also. A smooth sweet finish to an otherwise spice-filled meal.
I reeeeaaalllyyyyy wish that I could give this a 4, but I can't do that in good conscience.  The food was great, but the service was downright abysmal.

In a fit of random adventurousness, I thought it would be fun to try a new kind of food for me.  I'm typically a weenie and afraid of anything "weird" so this is a big deal for me.  We drove out here on Friday night and at around 6 or so the restaurant was about half full.  We stood at the door for entirely too long while we waited to be seated.  When we were at our table, we waited entirely too long to get menus.  When we knew what we wanted, we waited entirely too long to place our order.  You get the idea.  Thankfully the food came out fairly quickly.  

I ordered the vegetarian plate that had collard greens, some kind of cabbage/carrot/potato thing, red lentils, and some bean/carrot/onion thing.  As with all dishes, it was served with the injera, a weird sourdough crepe thing.  I was a little weirded out that the bread thing was served cold, but I got used to it quickly enough.  Everything on my plate was yummy, but if I were to rank it, my favorite would be the lentils, followed by the collard greens, then the potato, then the carrot/bean thing.  

Eating here was a fun experience for sure, and not having any silverware definitely made for some creative feeding procedures.  I would probably come back here if the mood for Ethiopian food struck me again, but I would really hope that the service would be better.  Since everyone else mentions great service, I am going to assume we came at an "off" time.
I'm going to be more forgiving of the service than my wife was.  This place has some awesome food and it comes out pretty quick too.  Yes, it took forever to get the waitress to come over but once she did, we had our food in about 5 minutes.

I really wish I knew what I was eating.  It was the "Chef's Favorite Combination" which was chicken, collard greens, and something called ayeb which was cheese of some sort.  The whole thing comes on some weird flat bread.  It was really good.  I would go back, without a doubt.
The food is consistently phenomenal here.  There are plenty of vegetarian options (meat as well) and all the vegetarian food is also vegan. 

It is a family-owned place I think, and cozy. At least one of the servers seems totally depressed to be there. I think she resents it when you need something -- my main reason for only 4 stars. 

We just love eating here! I definitely recommend it if you're not afraid to stray from American meat + potatoes.
Ethiopian is so tasty, especially at Lalibela. Blue Nile is good but Lalibela is better taste-wise. Great prices too.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
A slight bit short on atmosphere, but who cares when the food is that good? I could eat here every day.
Sooooo, there's a lot on my mind.  The economy is in terrible condition.  We're being labeled as racists, we're still mired in multiple wars, I really want the Heat to suck this year but am afraid they won't, I think I'm gaining weight, losing my hair, and I am certain that my right foot is bigger than my left.

But you know the worst thing about my life right now?

No meat.  If only I was talking about the musical group, but alas.  My father passed away last week so to respect Buddhist beliefs, no meat for 49 days.  So what is a bacon guzzling, sausage stuffing ( shame on you for having a dirty mind!), carnivorous soul going to do?

Eat at Lalibela Cafe of course!  

Walking in, I was a little wary of the $50 authentic Ethiopian attire in a basket as you walk in.  Better not be a tourist trap, I am thinking.  Continuing to look around, it felt a little cluttered but not too much so, with some interesting art and more clothing on the walls to peruse.  I was running a little behind on time as I had originally intended to go to Byblos which was closed for renovations until August 20th, so I cut short my examination of the decor to order.  

I ordered the Vegetarian Sampler (7.99), which is your choice of 3 out of 5 dishes to go along with the injera or rice.  I also had the Yekemem Shai (2.50) black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves cold, which was a refreshing drink. 

The Masir Wat, red split lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs, was delicious and made me not miss meat so much, with a texture reminiscent of ground beef and a spicy flavor that was subtle but satisfying.  Tikil gomen, lightly spiced cabbage, carrots and potatoes was also a winner, with an almost buttery finish.  Gomen, chopped collard greens cooked with garlic and onions was the only component that was merely okay, with the flavors being a little too mild for my taste, but by no means bad.  The injera itself was a quiet partner in the backdrop of all these flavors, slightly sour and spongy.

While no one checked in on my meal, no one had to, as I was quite pleased and didn't need a refill.  The initial service was fast and efficient as well, even with only 2 on the waitstaff and about 15 people coming in right around when I did.

So you know what?  Our economy is going to recover.  I might be a little racist but who isn't?   Wars are just disagreements taken too far, Lebron will remain crownless, I'm just big-boned, there's always Rogaine or a toupee, and I can always get custom shoes where the right is bigger than the left, and I have Lalibela Cafe to thank for putting me in this frame of mind.

Thanks for a great lunch, and I'll be back often, meat or no meat!
Ethiopian cuisine at it's best; Cafe Lalibela is the alpha while that other Ethiopian restaurant in Tempe, which shall remain nameless, is the obvious beta. 
Every experience i have had here has been first rate. Not once have i been let down or treated poorly; whether i was on my best behaviour mimicking an upright citizen square or fried out of my mind on mushrooms draped in paisley- the lovely ladies at Lalibela serve me luscious mouth-watering ethnic delicacies regardless of my pupil's dilations or contractions.
Your first encounter with Ethiopian cuisine could be intimidating for the casual newb, but your curiosity will serve you well! I had no clue what to order when i first came here, so i asked my server and she steered me in the right direction.
If i remember correctly, my first time consisted of Doro Wat, collared greens and a heavily spiced wat mixture of cabbage, carrots and onion. 
Since, i have tried nearly everything on the menu save the fish wat, whose name escapes me, and every item has been so delictable! You really can't go wrong when you can order a meal for two for under $15 and still have left overs for the both of you. 
Cafe Lalibela is a students dream! Cheap prices, exotic flavours, quiet unrushed atmosphere, perfect for a long study/homework session and a grande meal to take the edge off.
I love you Lalibela and I only hope we have many more happy years together!
My first experience with Ethiopian food! I was hesitant, as it is a cuisine I knew little-to-nothing about, but holy moly - I was so surprised. Four girlfriends and I ordered the vegetarian exclusive (I believe it's called) which is meant for three people, so we also ordered the vegetarian platter meant for one. We hardly finished the exclusive, there was so much food! Everything is SO tasty. I was worried about the injera, as I have friends who don't like the consistency of it. I really loved the fresh sourdough taste of it, though, especially mixed with the flavors of the different wats. 

After my first visit, I was so excited to take my boyfriend there - we made dinner plans with friends of ours within two weeks of my first trip! I absolutely LOVE Lalibela and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite stops for delicious vegetarian food!
This was my second try at Ethiopian food in a week.  Wasn't quite as impressed with the dining experience as many though still a great place if you are ever wanting to at least try Ethiopian for your first time.

I ordered the ethnic stout and my partner in crime had the tea.  The stout was a few hops away from being an IPA, a little too much for me but the tea was very delicious after it cooled down from its molten plasma form to a more drinkable liquid.  We ordered the spicy combination along with the goat selection and brown lentils.  I'm a spicaholic and the berbere definitely gave each of the dishes a nice kick.  The beef dish was cubed just right for picking up in bite sized morsels but the chicken needed to get handled with with hands to tear pieces away.  The injera was really sticky and not quite dried out yet which is where the problems were later in the meal.  

After you get about halfway through your meal by scooping it up with the injera provided in the basket the rest is usually able to be eaten with the layer of injera below your food selections.  Because it was already so moist the moisture from the food completely disintegrated the injera as I tried to pick it up.  I had to order another basket of fresh injera in order to clean up the plate.  

In conclusion, great food but I definitely recommend ordering a second helping of injera right off the bat if you are ordering a platter for two or more people.
Lalibela was my first real foray into Ethiopian food. I hadn't ever had a full meal of Ethiopian food but I had tried it off of friend's plates when they had picked some up. I had really liked it and always wanted to order it but I just never got around to it. Recently, I noticed Lalibela while getting food from another restaurant nearby and decided to try it. I ordered the Spicy Combination, which comes with doro wat, kye sega wat, and misir wat. I love spicy food and this was perfect. It was not so spicy that you couldn't taste the food but exactly spicy enough to satisfy my constant spicy craving. The chicken and beef in the doro wat and kye sega wat, respectively, were super tender and delicious. The misir wat was great as well, and had a perfect blend of herbs and spices in the sauce. The injera was plentiful, they really give you a large portion. It was very soft and tasty. Food came out really fast too which was nice. All in all I had a really great experience with Ethiopian food from Lalibela and will be going back there for more!
When it comes to traditional Ethiopian fare, this joint can't be beat in the valley.  My favs?  The Shorba Soup (a vegetarian take on the traditional Shorba) and the Misir Wat (a spiced red lentil dish).  And while it's not Ethiopian, the Tiramasu is a must-have!
I love this place!!!
We had previously been fans of a place in Tucson, and were a bit weary of trying a new place, having heard negative feedback from friends who ate at a Phoenix location.Hopeing this was not that location, we decided to try it!
It is a small diner like location tucked into a corner shopping plaza. It was not fancy, but had great authentic decor. 
It was clear immediately that this was a family owned place, which to me, typically means better, more authentic eating. I was right!
We were quickly seated and the waitress was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the meat combo, some mild lamb,  and a spicy split pea dish.
When the waitress delivered our meal ( about 2 minutes after ordering) it was in fact the veggie combo, not so good for my husband, Captain Carnivore. 
She noticed this immediately, and not only brought us what we originally ordered, but let us keep the veggie platter free of charge! This made for a lot of food, but gave us the chance to try a bit of everything.
The food was awesome! 
My favorite part of Ethiopian food has always been the aspect of dining as a community of friends, as opposed to selfishly hoarding your individual plate, bragging to others of your current experience, maybe allowing a taste to your friends. These dishes are brought out combined on a platter on a spread of special bread, which you use instead of utensils to eat your food, free for all in your party to experience!

Our favorites were the spicy beef, spicy chicken, mild lamb, and spicy split pea lentil concoction.

We left full, and happy, with a box full of leftovers to enjoy tomorrow!!
No more having to wait for those long trips to Tucson!
Eat Here!!!
love it, go whenever I'm in the tempe area and get a chance.
IT'S VERY NON THREATENING, even a fussy eater will love it.   I have been eating here since 1997. It was half the size back then.  They did very well and needed more space and took over Rasta-Tangs spot next door and expanded the restaurant to double it's capacity.  Since then waiting for a table is rare. 

The food is amazing. The Ethiopian HONEY wine is available to buy by the bottle.  I buy it and guests at my home are always impressed. After running 10 miles in the morning I like to go here to get my Injeera (pancake bread) carbo stores back up. The meats you can pick from are all great.  I always ask for extra Injeera, can't get enough of it :) 

I have been to the other similar restaurant in Tempe.  No comparison.  I tried it twice to make sure.. it wasn't even close. Lunch specials come with a drink and are served very quickly for those on  a lunch break.
Went last night as a group of four adults and one picky toddler.  I had tried Ethiopian (only as takeout) a few months ago and due to being preggers could only enjoy it briefly before the smell overwhelmed me. My friend had tried it years ago and did not like it and both our husbands had never tried Ethiopian cuisine.  I'll cut to the chase...we all really enjoyed our meals! Even my toddler mastered the art of using the injera bread to scoop up yummy food.

Unsure of whether we would like the food or not hubby and I opted to share an individal platter, figuring our kid would only pick at the food at best.  We went with the Meat Combo, #16 I think, and it had doro wat, and two other wats (spicy and mild beef stews).  I added gomen, which are the greens, because I do remember those being very tasty from my previous try.  I LOVED the Doro Wat and Gomen! 

It was a lot of food for us--even with my daugter eating a good amount of it--and we ended up taking home leftovers. Our friends both ordered separate individual platters and had waaaaay too much food left over. We finished off our meal with the chocolate mousse cake which was delicious.  Our meal (platter and dessert) was just under $30.  

The place is nothing to look at--no frills at all, but that was not what we expected anyway.  The only thing I would have enjoyed more was if our injera bread had been served warm.  Otherwise, we all had a really good time and enjoyed our meals. Definitely will return.
I had the mild platter, with the mild beef, lamb and some sort of veggie dish. The flavors were excellent, and all melded well together. It went very well with the light Ethiopian beer. I was interested in trying an Ethiopian dessert, but they didn't have any that night. Very fast service without being pushy.
I had a really good experience here with the vegetarian dishes. Ethiopian Cuisine is by far my favorite and I try to eat it wherever I travel. This restaurant did not let me down. Don't be afraid, if it's your first time just dive right in. Injeera bread can seem foreign to those not familiar with the food, but it's incredibly good and good for you! Most dishes are stewed, some are spicy. Lentils, chick peas, greens and other vegetables are common and vegetarians should not have any trouble eating here.
I visited Lalibela for lunch and ordered the 3 item special with chicken, beef and red lentils.  The chicken and red lentils were great - moist and flavorful, and some of the best Ethiopian I've ever had.  The beef was good, but not as good as the chicken or lentils.

I'm a little bit conflicted on how to rate the experience, because although the food was delicious during consumption, the aftereffect was a feeling similar to being repeatedly punched in the stomach.  As good as the food was, due to the heaviness, I probably won't be back.
Ok I'm somehow still surprised to find good food in the area but I think that's because I'm only ever a visitor.  I stumbled across this gem while looking for coffee.  There's a walkup or drive through (no inside seating) starbucks in the same strip mall.  The place looked nice enough inside I had work to do so I got some take out.

Doro Wat is quite good though could always be spicier (I know that's a personal preference though).  Also I would have liked some hard boiled egg in the container.  It normally comes on the platter.  Lastly the Doro wat was a little oilier than I would have expected.

The gomen (collard greens) is delicious- a little salty and buttery tasting with big pieces of garlic. The misir wat (red lentils) is also delicious.

The injera is thin and delicate but doesn't have any of the hint of sour I remember from other places.  This is neither bad nor good - just an observation.

in all I'd happily go back.  If on my next visit to the area I find they have honey wine I'll be upgrading the rating if only because it seems hard to find.

One last negative: I found a long hair in the bottom which definitely does not belong to me and since my wife is in Chicago I have to think it belongs to someone I don't know.
For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination.  

Although this cozy restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.

This illusion stays well preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything like it, starting with your inability to pronounce "Yekik Alicha" (split peas).

But do not be daunted by this new territory.  Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the "Yekemem Shai," a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves.  If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most fantastic combination of dishes you can sample.  Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from "Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat" (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the "Yekik Alicha" (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).

Once the food arrives, the basket of "injera" (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils.  Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the delicious morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth.  You will not be disappointed.  In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.

Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will enjoy the richness and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling.  Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb.  Savory veggies to be enjoyed are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.

For a lovely gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian sweet wine made from honey.

Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an excellent place to bring friends, or a date ;)
We ended up here sort of by accident. We had a $25 gift certificate to use so we went on a double date with another couple. We got the biggest platter they had, that pretty much had a little bit of everything. Right this second, I couldn't even tell you what everything was, but I do know it was all amazing. the flavours were impeccable, and bold. Even the vegetarian dishes were flavourful and different. They don't give you silverware, instead you get a basket of the Ethiopian sourdough flatbread to pick the food up with. It's a very communal way to eat, and we loved it! Go with a group, it's a fun way to spend an evening. Go as a couple, it's an intimate way to eat, and using your fingers to eat has always been considered sexy. ;-) The staff is friendly, and the place filled up quick after we got there. If you want to try something new, try this place! We were VERY pleasantly surprised!
I have been eating Ethiopian food since my first experience in Washington DC in 1988 and it was a revelation. It's just so tasty and familiar ( the vegetarian dishes remind me of homemade cuban dishes- no surprise since one of the influences of Cuban cuisine is african spices ). 

We are lucky to have Cafe Lalibela in the valley as it's one of the best of it's kind. I have eaten Ethiopian in New York City, Detroit, Chicago, Paris, Toronto , LA and of course, Washington DC. The food is  totally delicious, and many of the vegetarian entrees are low calorie. I have tried some Ethiopian recipes at home but they just can't compare to their food. 

The service is ok, I wish the waitress that always serves us would smile more and make us feel more at home, but after a while you get used to it. We always have to ask for more injera because she never asks. I have tried The Blue Nile, which is good, but the food here is tastier. It can be a little pricey considering the amounts you get, but well worth it cause it's delicious. One on my favorite restaurants in the valley.
I found this little gem thanks to a friend's recommendation.  The Spicy Meat Combo plate wasn't terribly hot (medium heat at best), but savory and delicious.  While good, the injera was fairly mild and didn't have as strong of a yeasty tang that I typically expect.

The iced black tea with chai spices ("Yekemem Shai") is a perfect accompaniment to the meal: the bright flavors provided a refreshing, palate-cleansing break between bites.
So I'm in the middle of a fast. It's vegan with even more restrictions. 
Needless to say my dining options are very limited. 
Lalibela seemed to be the perfect choice. The staff was so friendly and we were seated immediately. 
We ordered the Vegetarian Exclusive even though there was only two of us. 
The water tastes good here which is becoming harder to find. 
The food arrived quickly and tasted fabulous. The different lentil dishes were my favorite along with the yellow peas. 
The injera was very good. 

The restaurant was almost full but remained extremely quite. It is a very relaxing place to dine.
My boyfriend and I came here for an early dinner. Neither of us know much about Ethiopian food so we opted for the Lalibela Exclusive to share. It was a little more pricey but came with tons of food and choices. We dominated the entire meal and then shared a slice of tiramisu made homemade by our waiter. The service was great and the atmosphere authentic. We'll be coming back!
So good. Just, really very good.

I should be clear, though: I love Ethiopian food. The injera, the spicy lentils and meats, the coffee and the tea--really, the only thing stopping me from eating here all the time is the blandness of my friends' food tastes, because I suck at eating alone and they are too boring to venture out of their usual habits more than once every month or two.

But back to the point of things: Cafe Lalibela is excellent. It's vegan friendly, it's well made, the service is great, the atmosphere is light, the prices are reasonable, and the whole experience will likely leave you with good memories, especially the first time you try it. 

I can't speak highly enough of the service, either--they are always ready to help without being intrusive or cloying, a balance which can be so hard to find.  This is one of my favorite date restaurants, and I recommend it to you as such, with of course the usual caveats that you should make sure she is okay with eating Ethiopian food.

If you're a fan of the cuisine already, I doubt you'll be disappointed, and if you're looking to try it for the first time, this is your best bet.
I had sworn off Ethiopian food after not liking the bread at my first Ethiopian restaurant. This place has reversed my view. I just ate here for a second time in a week. I have had the beef and chicken stew. I love how tender the meat is and the spices they use. I also like how they prepare their collard greens. Their homemade cheese was a pleasant surprise--not as salty as I expected. I was happily surprised by the bread. I was expecting something with the texture of a sponge or carpet--not that I know what either tastes like. Their bread is slightly sponge-y but closer to crepe wraps. The ladies that work the front are perfectly nice. It's funny to see a mom and pop place like this next to a Papa John's Pizza. I am now a fan of Ethiopian food.
This place was wonderful. $7.99 for lunch. Quick service. Friendly staff. Great food.
A few weekends ago my sister and I decided to try Ethiopian cuisine.  Wanted to try something different so we went to Lalibela on a Sunday night.  The restaurant isn't fancy by any means.  I had no idea what the food was going to be like but we were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was very helpful especially in the menu choices.  We chose the veggie and meat combos respectively.  The only thing we weren't too fond of on the place was the collared greens.  Everything else was delicous.

If you've never eaten Ethiopian before its a trip.  Instead of regular utensils there is a bread called injera which is kind a spongey flatbread.  Basically you scoop up what you want to eat with said bread.  They do serve beer did not try any, the chai tea was very tasty. Subdued and not too spicy.  The meals seem to be served family style for sharing which is perfect for small groups.  If you are willing to step outside the bounds of conventional dining you will definitely enjoy the experience.
i haven't been to many ethiopian restaurants, perhaps only two or three aside from lalibella....and maybe i'm just impartial to ethiopian food in general, because there's never been an ethiopian meal that i haven't enjoyed. 

the only reason i don't give it five stars, is that i've eaten at another ethiopian place that had a bit more flavor and variety on their menu, and was for those reasons unforgettable (it also had a buffet!). unfortunately, the name escapes me and unfortunately it's also almost a thousand miles away from where i now abide...

i have never eaten (at any ethiopian place) anything other than vegetarian food. the red lentils at lalibela are particuarly good. even alone, they taste as satisfying as meat..the injera is very good too. 

anyone else i've ever taken here eats meat, and has ordered accordingly to their carnivorous tastes, and enjoyed what they ordered. (two people raved about the lamb).

the only drawback, though it is no fault of lalibela, is that i can't understand how someone could eat this type of food often because it is so filling, but that might just be me.
Based on Yelp reviews, my husband and I have been enjoying Lalibela's delicious food for several years.  We calendar in a visit every time we travel to Phoenix.

Haven't had a disappointing meal. The first time we ordered the sampler platter.  It was huge and provided a terrific array of their tasty vegetable and meat dishes.  My current favorite is the spicy beef and chicken with a side of green beans and carrots.  My husband loves the meat combination.  My descriptions don't do the dishes justice.  The spice and flavor combinations are so deliciously wonderful.

Wish Lalibela's was closer to home.  We would eat there all the time.
I tried Cafe Lalibela (and Ethiopian food) for the first time recently with a friend. 

I got the Mild Combination: yebeg alicha sega wat (cubed lamb), alicha sega wat (cubed beef), and fosolia (string bean concoction). The lamb and beef were fairly interchangable as far as taste, but both were excellent cuts of meat and the sauce they were in was very tasty. The fosolia (string bean) was not to my liking, but I think this is a personal preference as my friend tried it and liked it. Something about the seasoning just wasn't my cup of tea.

Speaking of tea, I also got a cup of Yekemem Shai (black tea with cinnamon, cardamom, and cloves). This not only smelled delicious, but it tasted fantastic. I normally sugar my tea, but I drank this one without sugar and it was all the better for it. I highly recommend this tea if you visit Cafe Lalibela!!

Also, the waitress was friendly and helpful when choosing off the menu. 

I will be going back to this restaurant again! Good stuff.
I don't know why it took me so long to try Lalibela. Tucked away in a typical tempe strip mall, Lalibela had a decent crowd for 8:00 on a weeknight. And we found out why - the food here is superb. 

I ordered the vegetable combination and my parner-in-crime ordered the meat combination. His prefered the two beef dishes to the chicken. They are very generous with the inerja here.

I LOVED the Tikil Gomen (cabbage) and the Gomen (collard greens), but all four of the dishes were wonderful. I also enjoyed the Misir Wat (lentils); my boyfriend said that the lentils were his favorite vegetarian item when he sampled all of my items. The Fosolia (string beans) was good, but I prefered the other items.

Order their iced teas! We had the Tossign which was very refreshing and the Yekemem Shai - which is very similar to a Chai.
The food was excellent.  Everyone in our group raved about the flavor and quality.  However the service was simply awful.  The waitress clearly didn't care to be there, and we didn't get a single drink refill the entire time.  Not one.  Not even water.
I walked here for dinner, in order to enjoy the warm Phoenix air and the late sunset.  Having never tried Ethiopian food and having seen the ratings, I thought I'd give this a shot.

Fortunately, I was preceded by an apparent regular who was introducing the restaurant to his out-of-town friends; I got some food recommendations and a peek at how to eat without utensils. 

I chose the meat combination; a combination of doro wat, kye sega wat and alicha sega wat, served with selata.  All of it was excellent.

Service was fine, although not overly attentive.  I would have enjoyed more water, but there aren't many waiters or waitresses that keep up with my water needs.

Food: 5
Service: 4
Setting: 3+ (not bad, but not particularly exciting, either).
My very first try of Ethiopian.

Went at lunch hour.

Selected menu items 3, 4, 5.  1 Meat and 2 Vegetarian.

The food came out within a minute or 2 - so they must have some buffet line inside.

The food kind of tastes like a underspiced indian food.  I almost wish the sauce was with GOAT or LAMB.

The service was non-existant after the food trough drop off, so we just walked up and paid.

I guess I didn't find Ethiopian food that remarkable - sorry . . .
Pretty good.  I've only had Ethiopian once before, but the food was delicious and delivered quickly (we ordered the staples, meat stews on spongy bread).  Reasonable prices also.  They had a log of vegetarian dishes I'd like to try in the future.
Not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available.
Have gone to Lalibela a few times

1) 1st time with my mother and wife.  The food was good.  We are all familiar with Ethiopian food.  Maybe the food was a bit Americanized, as we have eaten Ethiopian food elsewhere in the USA.  We got a standard vegetarian combo meal.

2) I have taken a few of my work colleagues to this place, as I work nearby.  They were from Toronto, and others were from Italy.  For having never eaten Ethiopian food before, all were impressed.  They found the food good quality.  One of my colleagues called the food "yummy".
Mmmm I love this place. I've had Lalibela in my regular lunch rotation for years. The servers are great and they are quick to suggest dishes for new people. The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the food is divine. 

Some of my favorites: 
Kye sega wat  - Beef cubes simmered in spicy sauce
Misir wat  - Red lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs.
Fosolia  - Lightly spiced string beans cooked with carrots and onion.
Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat - Lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs.
All this is servced with injera which is a spongy sour crepe, you use it to scoop the food off of the plate. 

The spices for each dish are powerful and unique, I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. 

After writing this review I know what I am having for lunch today!
Mmmmmm I love this place. I've been coming here on a regular basis since 2007. Found this place because I was mad at my boss and was driving around and pulled in to try Essence Bakery and was distracted by the fact there was an Ethiopian restaurant in the same plaza. So I decided to try this place instead. So, so, so glad I did.

(Regarding my first time) I walked in and immediately fell in love with aroma of the place. It was definitely tickling my senses. I ordered the doro wat (chicken) w/the traditional egg, misr wat (red lentils) and the fosolia (green beans and carrots in a tomato sauce). This was served with injera (looks like a crepe and tastes like a heavenly sourdough bread). To drink, I ordered the Yekmen tea, cold. Wow, talk about a drink to complement your food. This tea is fantastic.

The food is very flavorful. The spices are well balanced. Their version of spicy/heat is pretty mild for my taste, but everyone has their opinions of this. I highly recommend getting the Yekemen/Yekmen chai, hot or cold, with your order. The spices in the tea complement the spices used in the food very well. This is coming from someone who always order water with her meals. This is probably the only place I order tea instead of water.

I've heard some people complain about the service. Well, guess what, in Ethiopian culture, they usually don't check on you. This place does, sometimes slowly. I'm grateful for that. Understanding the culture, I don't complain about the service. I do recommend that if you are in a hurry, place your order to-go.

Here's the one downfall. Their food is a little on the oily side. Wat is a type of thick stew and most of the wat recipes call for kibae, a type of butter. I thought at first that the oily part was going to be a problem for me, but after dining at Blue Nile, I discarded the notion. Blue Nile had almost none of this oil, but then again, they lack the flavor too. That's another review for later though. I'll take the flavor any day!

I've since brought my mother, son, sister, friends, co-workers, clients and anyone I can think of. Their reactions are always: surprise that they like Ethiopian food and that they want to come back for more.
I absolutely adore this place...I am obsessed with Ethiopian cuisine and this place stole my heart!  I tried several dishes the: Doro Wat (chicken) and the Alicha Sega Wat (beef) with the misir wat (red lentils)...OMG I think I went to heaven for the few minutes that I was eating!  Of course I had to eat it with injera the spongy bread!  I love their injera more so then Blue Nile...I also tried their black tea...I do not recall the name but it was delicious!  I have since returned about 5 or 6 times and everytime it is more delicious!  I wish that this place was down the street from my house but it seems like there are not many ethnic restaurants outside of Tempe.  I am okay with it...its not too far...I am trying to get my boyfriend and son into this type of cuisine but they are apprehensive!  Anyways...everyone should try this place...another great thing about this place is that its great for those that are vegetarian too!  In fact, as I am writing this review it is making me want Ethiopian food!  TRY IT!!!!!
The food is good and they give generous portions.  The interior is nicely furnished and has several pictures and items from Ethiopia.  Their wine selecton looks good but I have only been here for lunch.  You can't go wrong with any of their combo dishes.  One warning though, this place might make you a bit gassy...
I love this place. I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley, and was disappointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied. The food here is fresh and authentic, and the staff are really nice. I'm so lucky to live down the street! Tons of vegan options, too.
I love Ethiopian food, and I love Cafe Lalibela. Their vegetarian combo plate is always reliably filling and flavorful, and the spiced iced tea hits the spot in the summer weather. My meat-eating friends tell me the meat dishes are great as well, but they recommend doing a combo rather than the big plates of just one type. Apparently too much of one gets overwhelming. I alternate between here and Blue Nile because I love them both!
When a friend says, "Let's go get African food" when I suggest frozen yogurt, I have to say yes.

We chose Lalibela. She had been here before, and I had it bookmarked for months. It was only a matter of time before I'd walk my adventurous palate into the door, sit down and nosh on some wicked awesome Ethiopian grub.

The menu has something for everyone. The meat lover, the vegetarian, the pescatarian. 

I ordered, the #16 (check out the picture), which features a nice plate of injera (the spongy bread that is so much fun to play with), and on top, had three different kinds of meat. All were flavorful. The beef was spicy, and oh so aromatic. My nose had a party that would've made Amy Winehouse proud (too soon?)

My friend ordered the Vegetable Combination with two servings of red lentils (one serving in lieu of another vegetable dish), and the gomeh (collard greens). I got to sample, and it was delicious.

Each of our plates came with extra injera. Just enough to eat, and when you are done, you have a little to play with. :) It has a sourdoughish flavor to it, and it complements the flavors of each dish in ways that most breads don't. 

This was a pretty busy restaurant for a Monday night. It's small, very down to earth. 

Bring people whose company you enjoy. You are going to eat with your hands. There are NO utensils. 

You will spill. It's not going to be very pretty or neat, but it will be a blast. 

This place reminds me of Nyala, a restaurant in the Little Ethiopia district of Los Angeles. It brought back a lot of fond memories. I'll definitely come back to Lalibela.
Eating with a fork is OPTIONAL - how great is that?  (not a first date recommendation my friends!!)

Good service always.  Interesting Menu options always.  Wishing I brought more friends so we could order more variety - ALWAYS!

Personal favs - the collard greens and the spicy beef, skip the rice and eat more magic sponge stuff (I think in the Bible they called it 'manna from heaven").  

All round neat place to eat especially if you get bored with mainstream corporate chains like Moi!
Really good, really unique.  I had never had Ethiopian food, but we went out with (vegetarian) friends who recommended it, and we're always game for something new.

Super-friendly owner and waitstaff.  The food was super tasty and lots of fun.  I decided to pass on the meat dishes and go veggie like our friends did, and we had a wonderful array of stews.  I ordered the vegetarian  was terrific.  A couple of lentil dishes, chickpeas, split yellow peas, string beans w/carrots & onions, and a potato/cabbage mix.  Really tasty, and fun to pick up the stews with the injera (kind of like a firmer crepe/pancake.  Reminded me of eating a mix of Moroccan, Lebanese and Indian foods.  So good.

The iced black tea (with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves) is a great accompaniment. 

We'll be back.
The Yelp Supper Club had decided on Ethiopian cuisine, having chosen a restaurant with the same type of cuisine up the street only to find them closed, Dave N. and I found ourselves here.  

This was my first time in here and I am a relative Newbie to Ethiopian cuisine, but Dave N. was nice enough to clue me in on a few things.  I ended up creating my own 3 item plate with greens, lamb stew and fish stew.  I also chose some of their cheese to accompany the combo.  The injera was lovely and the food was flavorful and the service was stellar.  I can't wait to go back.
This is a carnivore, herbivore and omnivore's mutual heaven. As long as you enjoy flavor, you'll enjoy Lalibela's. We ordered the vegetarian platter, which comfortably fed four of us (and allowed for some mindless stew-stained injera noshing afterward). Favorites included the Misir Wat (spicy red lentil stew), Shiro Wat (a garlic-y, onion-y pea mash stew), and Yekik Alicha (yellow split peas with onions and tumeric). 

Of course, scooting injera from stew to stew, scooping up everything at once also seemed to be a pretty successful maneuver, even though it mixed the individual stew flavors. Everyone else really liked when I did that (not really). Do I regret it? No.

I do have one regret though, which I shall reconcile upon my next visit, and that is that I did not leave Lalibela wearing a cloak made entirely from injera. But hey, that's why there's next time.
My very first time having Ethiopian food and I wanted to make sure the place I chose was good.  This place was excellent!  Highly recommended!
This is one of my favorite lunch locations, unfortunately I don't go often enough because it's not quite within walking distance of my office and requires getting in the car and driving.  I was lucky to get to go today for a friend's birthday, what an ethnic treat!   The food is always delicious, the hard part is deciding what 3 selections to pick, they're all so good.  It's located in a little strip mall, but they've made it nice and cozy inside, with ethnic colors, decorations, and music.  I always enjoy bringing along someone who's never been before, they're always pleasantly surprised.

This is a definite must do, you won't regret it.
Nice people.  I'm not crazy about being served pre-prepared food that's not "slamming".  It was just ok for me.  I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me.
This is a great place to go no matter what type of food you like as there's something for everyone! There's meat, spicy, vegetarian, vegan and it's all delicious! While sometimes the service is slow the food more than makes up for it!
This place is pretty fantastic.  Mindfully I have not had much (Read: Any) other Ethiopian food, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but everything I got was very good.  I wasn't in the mood for anything to spicy, so I got the "Mild Combination", which I was very happy with.

Most vegetarian dishes I have had in the past usually have either lacks in texture, or lacks in flavor, but the fosolia I had lacks in neither. It was spiced perfectly, and although it was soft enough to eat similarly to a sauce with Injera, it still had quite a pleasantly solid texture to it.

The Alicha Sega Wat was nice tender meat in a well seasoned sauce.  The only problem one could fault it with was that it was kind of monochromatic if flavor, but that one flavor was delicious, and when eaten with the Injera takes on a layered flavor that made it quite fantastic.

I also got some Kootee (Tea made with leaves from a coffee plant) which was another great new experience for me.  The only thing that wasn't good was the salad, which was made with not the freshest lettuce, but there was so much delicious food, that I was not hungry for it anyway.
A must when you are visiting Austin and craving Ethiopian. My husband loved the meat dishes and I loved the vegetarian offerings. They had a different type of injira. It was still quite good. 
Parking might get tight. Plan on coming early.
This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was delicious and I am eager to go back. The most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really appreciate (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes. 

We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my favorite part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.

This is a fun way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba.
Ethiopian food obviously isn't a very popular cuisine in America but this place is definitely worth the try. If you are on a budget I would suggest getting the lunch time sampler for a little less than $8 and you can choose from three popular dishes plus your choice of rice or Injera (always get the Injera for the full Ethiopian experience). The best way to describe Injera is as a spongy crepe that has a mild sourdough taste. This place is very vegetarian friendly. For my carnivores don't worry there's lots of beef and chicken dishes too. However, I wouldn't recommend mixing chicken and beef dishes unless your stomach is used to that type of mayhem. All of the food is very well seasoned and tender. My favorites are the Duro Wat, Collard greens and Potatoes and Cabbage. The service isn't spectacular nor is the atmosphere, but the ladies get the job done and refill your cups on a regular. Broaden your palate and give this place a try!
I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibela.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibela), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibela).  Personally, I prefer to flavor and textures of Blue Nile but not so much to pay the difference in price.  So, I would choose Lalibela over Blue Nile.
I have now been to Lalibela twice.  My first experience was tastier, but the food here is solid.  I took a 1st timer to ethiopian food (also gluten-free) and she really enjoyed her meal.  The lunch special sampler is a great deal and of course I love all the vegetarian options.  My favorite is the Tikil Gomen which I double up on!
This place is a local treasure. The food is up to the standards of the great Ethiopian restaurants of Washington, DC. Get the Doro Wat and ask for an egg. The dark Ethiopian beer is an excellent accompaniment. The people who run this place are always very welcoming and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
Wow...where to start...right when you enter the eatery, the environment is very friendly as well as the staff! The food was great! And being half Ethiopian, I know quality Ethiopian food. Their injera had a doughy texture and was amazing and I really recommend the Lalibela Exclusive if you're coming with a group or with the family. You can even also add other entrees with it and I really recommend their shiro wat too. Price was also reasonable and you will leave stuffed and satisfied!! Lalibela won't disappoint you! Great Ethiopian restaurant overall!!
I took my mom here when she was in town for Christmas.  We stopped in for lunch and neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before.  I had read about them on their website and in many of the reviews here on yelp, so I kind of knew what to expect.  We were seated immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for our server to greet us.  We immediately ordered two of the lunch specials which we had brought out on one big plate, and it came out super fast!

Everything was wonderful!  We had a lot of fun eating with the Injera and trying to decide which dish was our favorite.  We tried all six of the vegetarian items listed on the lunch menu.  My favorite was probably the Azifah (the cold lentil dish).  The Misir Wat (red split lentils) was really good too, and my mom's favorite was the Fosolia (lightly spiced green beans).  When the big dish was set in front of us, we looked at it and thought, this isn't very much food....but boy were we wrong.  We couldn't even finish it.  The Injera really fills you up I think!

All in all...a great experience for a great price.  $20 including tip.  Can't beat that.  I will definitely be back!
The welcome we received walking in was colder than darth vader in outer space. As we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us. We did not feel welcome and left to the Blue Nile on Rural and University. Blue Nile is great.... highly recommend over this place.
This is a restaurant where you simply come for the food. It's not fancy, service isn't that great, but the food is stick-to-your-ribs good, that fills your tummy and your soul....

My favorite things on the menu (and I do think it's easier to just make your own plate combination) are the yellow split peas and the collard greens.......yummy, yummy, they make me feel so comforted! yeah, that's it, this is definitely comfort food.....I find the bean/legume dishes are so good that I don't even order the meat anymore. Oh! And the tea!! I loooooovvvveeee the yekemem shai (I hope I remembered that right..) It has the perfect amount of spices that it only needs one little packet of sugar (for my tastes) and it is the *perfect* cup of soothing tea....

Now, don't expect speedy or attentive service when you come here.....like I said, this place is purely for the food. Also, this is a fair warning: don't forget to take some enzymes before you go, or, just make sure you don't have plans with anyone with next day....... you'll see what I mean (but, it IS worth it.....)
Best Ethiopian Food in Phoenix! Went there 3 times during our 6 day stay. If you don't like crowds dine on a weekday as weekends, especially for dinner, this place get crowded with discriminating foodies. Service does suffer when super crowded but for food this yummy it is worth the wait and hassle. Don't forget to get some honey wine to complement the rich stews.
Definitely a hidden gem! I had guest in from out of town and let's just say they were the ones that showed me this place. Way to be a great host huh? Anyways this place is definitely a hole in the wall, but that just makes it that much better. I'm from L.A. so I knew that this would be quite the experience. Today it wasn't too busy but it took about 10 min to get our order placed. Not a problem because we weren't in any type of rush. We ordered, my friend got the meat combination, I got the vegetarian since I am vegan and my other friend got a small plate of lamb cubes. Everything was quite wonderful, this was my first encounter with Ethiopian food and it won't be my last. I am quite the foodie and I love trying new foods from different cultures and quite particular, so glad that there is at least one good spot in Arizona for this. Oh how can I forget! You must get the honey wine... I don't like  wine but my friends were thrilled about it. I particularly was in love with the iced tea this one has cardamon in it and can either be iced or hot. I will for sure be back and look forward to getting the lentil soup and possibly a dessert. Let me just say if you are looking for a up-scale restaurant with all those fancy things that take your money with so-so food, this isn't it! It's a family business and they are making food like they would for their family. I'm sure that's how they keep the prices so low.
Seems there are only 2 Ethiopian restaurants in Tempe and I've now officially been to both. Unfortunately, Lalibela will have to settle for being 2nd best.

I cam here with my girlfriend for Valentine's Day last week. It was our first time to Lalibela, but we're no strangers to Ethiopian food. So, we made reservations, were quickly brought to our table and everything was swell.

They offered a Valentine's day menu, so we ordered the vegetarian special. It was about $36 and was allegedly a meal for two. Odd, because on their regular menu they have a meal for 3 at $38. In retrospect, we probably should have paid the extra $2 and taken home more leftovers. More bang for your buck.

Either way, it's a pretty steep price for Ethiopian food. Most of which is very cheap to make as our meal was mostly peas, lentils, potatoes, salad and cabbage. 

We also got a bottle of Yellow Tail merlot @ ~$18. Both our food and our wine came out very quickly. And that was pretty much the last time we saw our server for the rest of the meal.

I will hand it to Lalibela, the food is good. Very good. Perhaps even better than Blue Nile. But the price is steep and the lack of service really spoiled the night for us. It's not as if the place was busy. By the time our meal was finished there was only 3 other tables with patrons at them but none of them were receiving any service. Sure, we knew there were waitresses. We could hear them talking in the kitchen so they must exist! After maybe 15-20 minutes of sitting waiting on our check, empty water and no service to speak of I actually had go up to the front desk and wave down our waitress. This is completely unacceptable for any restaurant. Short of an emergency, there is no reason why a dining room should be left unattended for 15 minutes while there are guests. My feeling was that the servers got their food out and that's all that mattered. No "How's the food?" no refills on waters. Nothing.

On top of that, Lalibela's menu lacks the diversity of Blue Nile. Not only does Blue Nile have great veg options, but they have sambusas, hummus, falafel, salads and a raw vegan menu. Lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes. Likely all that could be found at Blue Nile for a much lower price.

I can understand why people come here. The food is good (the injera is certainly better than Blue Nile's), but the lack of service and the price are enough to keep me out of Lalibela for good.
Gastronomically curious students can escape the saturation of chain restaurants by coming here.

For $5-10 bucks, you will be stuffed with a variety of slow-cooked meats and veggies.

The sampler lunch special comes with a sufficient amount of injera, slightly sour and porous to soak up the sauces. The mild curry is a bit too sweet for me, but the hot curry is just right. The collard greens and lentils are tender.

Service is lacking. There was one friendly waitress, while the other one gave weird looks. Refills were slow. The price was right and the food itself was great, but service knocks off a star. Ethiopian honey wine is available, you might want to get a bottle to distract yourself.
The food here is super delicious! I've lived close to this place for a couple of months now and one evening I was feeling like I really needed to try something new. This place was my first introduction to Ethiopian cuisine and this place definitely impressed me. 

The layout of the restaurant is pretty simple. Small one room divided by a single wall, an area to pay and a back room where I'm sure the kitchen and dish washing room are. The service was very friendly and they didn't make us feel awful when we asked for silverware! Shortly after asking for silverware we noticed everyone around us was eating with their hands. Oops, my bad on not using proper dinning etiquette. I slowly stopped using my fork through out the meal.

My boyfriend an I ordered the vegetarian combo and we were more than thrilled with it! Great flavors and the pairings are perfect. Some warm and spicy, mild and flavorful, and don't even get me started on the wheat sourdough crepe you get with the meal. ADDICTED. I want some right now.

If you need some yummy exotic eats, I highly recommend this joint.
Def had better. Seems they cater to the locals...had high hopes and totally disapointed. Went for the meat dishes, not sure how the vegetarian plates are.
Yikes. I completely forgot about the fact that my boyfriend found a big black hair in the food close to when we were almost finished eating. How could I have forgotten that?? 

As delicious as the food was, that can NEVER happen when you are running a restaurant. Super gross :(
I love this place for lunch.  They have a great lunch special, good price and delicious, and they're quick for lunch!  And very friendly!  The worst part about coming here for lunch is the parking, if you come at noon it's quite hard to find a spot because of the two other great lunch places in the plaza.  

Anyway, for the lunch special you can choose three dishes from the 4 meats and 6 vegetarian options, plus you get rice, injeera or both.  I love the spicy chicken, spicy beef, spicy lentil, collard greens, and potatoes.  (it's difficult for me to choose just 3!)

it's a lot of food at a good price.  yum.
I love Ethiopian food and although this place is ok, I have had better. I didn't care for the service we received but the food was good.  There are other Ethiopian restaurants I would pick before heading to this one but if you are in the area and want to give it a try it's a great option.
What a great place for some spicy food....I forget the names but you cannot go wrong with Ethiopian. This time around the food wasn' t that strong. I highly reccomend the lentil....wow that was good. The chicken and beef stew was good as well. The entire entrée  was so good....me and the lady finished it off....nough said.

G approved!
First time we had Ethiopian, and boy was it an experience! If you've never had Ethiopian before, you should definitely try it out.

I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get here.  I think we had a beef stew and a lamb dish.  The food is all presented the same. Everything comes out on top of a plate with a giant piece of injeera, as well as a basket of extra injeera on the side. There are NO utensils, so be prepared to get messy! Still, that is part of the eating experience, and it's fun! 

The food was delicious. It had a nice spicy kick to it, and the injeera was, well, very different. My best description of it is a spongy, sourdough-flavored crepe. But really, you just have to try it.

The food portions didn't seem like a lot, but it gets filling very fast. When the food came, we thought we'd eat it all and then need to order more, but we only ate a little more than half and were full! Because of that, the pricing is excellent (just a little over $10 a plate). We felt the service was excellent as well. Our water never went below the halfway point!
I was excited to try my first taste of ethiopian food so we drove all the way to Tempe! I ordered the spicy combination with chicken, beef, and lentil stews and my boyfriend go the meat combination which also had the spicy chicken, spicy beef, and a buttery chicken stew. These meals came with something called injera which is like a tortilla like flat bread that is soft, chewy, a bit like sponge texture.

Everything was delicious! My favorite was the spicy chicken stew. The flavor was bold, the chicken was tender, and with the injera was awesome! Overall it reminded me of some of my favorite indian food at punjabi tandoor. The portions were large and the service was great. 

Next time, I want to try their tiramisu which won best in the valley!
I now know why Ethiopians are so skinny, their food is gross and a huge pain in the ass to eat.  I wouldn't eat it either if it was all I had.  The whole eating with your hands might be quaint for some folk, I just find it welfare and cheap.  Call me crazy, but I enjoy a utensil now and then.  I say to the folk of Ethiopia "treat yoself - get some forks". 

All in all I'd say that's as close to Ethiopia as I hope to ever come, and the next time someone recommends this restaurant or type of food, it will serve as grounds to immediately never speak to them again and put a horrible curse on their sad existence.
Before I came back to WA I went to Lilibela for diner with daughter and it was a good dining experience for my first time trying Ethiopian food.  I had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious!  Daughter had beef, lentils and vegetables and they were also very good.
I highly recommend this restaurant for people that like trying different foods and are willing to experience what the world has to offer, if you don't like spices, curries and different vegetables, this place is not for you.

I will go back there as soon as I go back to AZ!
I am upping the rating. Best vegetarian options anyone can get. Cannot go wrong with the vegetable combo. G approved.
I've had Ethiopian food before, with lackluster results and so decided that I didn't really like it. But then my parents offered to take me here and pay for my meal (free food!) so of course I accepted. First off the place is small and may look kinda shabby on the inside, but the atmosphere is curiously intimate. I felt like we could sit here for hours savoring our meal and they would not care! All the ladies that work here are awesome and very attentive. I ordered the Vegetarian plate, which comes with three different items plus a small salad & lots of their bread. Man, the salad was so good, the dressing is to die for! I loved everything on my plate and I *thought* I didn't like Ethiopian bread, but that was before I had Lalibela! It was very good and I would SO come back here. Next time I want to try their soup!
Love the people, the food, the ambiance. We've been going there for years!!
I love this place; great food and atmosphere, I however have maybe been there thirty times and have yet had good service.
Cafe Lalibela is one of the best places I've ever found to get Ethopian food.  The food is all reasonably priced and they have a fantastic selection - lots of new things to try.  No utensils here - everything is eaten with injeera bread, which also adds to the unique experience.  They have fantastic teas here as well.
Really tasty food.  Great price.  Friendly and relaxed hospitality.  I had the "Three Meat Combination" wat platter.  It was sublime!
First time at this restaurant yesterday. My husband and I were excited about trying this restaurants after reading good reviews on Yelp. But we got mixed feelings.

I liked this cute restaurant. It's clean and cozy and the people working there were nice and friendly to us. My husband enjoyed the light Ethiopian beer. 

But the food....that's the thing.
Some were good and some were not so good. We ordered a chef's combo and vegetarian combo. Both came with the crepe like Ethiopian bread and side salad. Each combo had 3-4 different dishes which were spicy chicken, cheese, collard green for the chef's combo and lentils, green beans, cabbage(w/potato&carrot) and collard green for the vegetarian combo. 

Chicken and lentils (spicy ones) were pretty good but most of the others had more or less the same kind of taste, salty and sour....yes, "salty and sour" explains their food. The cheese and bread had almost no taste for me. 
Overall, I got a feeling they were missing "taste".

For dessert, we shared a mango mousse cake which was home made and tasty. 

So my feeling is...if we choose right dishes, we can enjoy their food better, maybe? We do not eat beef or lamb, so they might be good. 

Will I recommend this place? I don't know...you can give a try. 
Will I go back to this place again? Maybe not. I will try somewhere else.
Service was spotty (we literally had to go get someone to refill out waters).

Food was good, I've only eaten at one other Ethiopian place (Zemam's in Tucson) but the food here was on par with what I've eaten there. The Injera was wonderful and tasty. The dishes we had on our injera platter included: lentils, lamb, chicken, collard greens, cabbage and potatoes.

The decor was simple, with Ehtiopian art adorning the walls. The woman who was our waitress was nice, but not very attentive. I would probably go there again as the food was good, but considering that there weren't even that man people in the restaurant (four tables when we arrived, but two left pretty early into our meal). So considering they couldn't even take care of two tables leaves me wondering if their service is also this spotty.

On their business card it also says they have great Tiramisu. Sadly, I did not get a chance to try it.
Great Ethiopian...only reason it doesn't get five stars is that I've been to Adams Morgan in DC and had some really great Ethiopian!  For the valley, this is one of the best places to find Ethiopian and the vegetarian platter is very good.  Plus, they have sweet wine here...guaranteed to make your visit even better!!
At least a solid 4-star rating!  We went there last night as a party of 3.  My wife & I had eaten at Blue Nile a few years ago and enjoyed it, but on this occasion we took our sister-in-law to Lalibela for a new experience.

We were all pleased with the prompt greeting, seating of our choice, and efficient, friendly service.  We ordered the 3 person assorted platter with several choices each of meat and vegetarian dishes, nicely spiced, with ample injera to mop it up with.  Added a bottle of wine and a couple of Ethiopian beers and the evening was complete.  No one went home hungry, and all were plotting for our return visit!
You can't go wrong choosing Lalibela, especially if your group enjoys trying new cuisines and loves great food!
Food was tasty. I ordered the veggie combo, and was a little disappointed that it didn't come with more of a variety of things, especially for $12. BUT what it did come with was good.
I ate here last night with a friend. Finding their chef's combination options to be a little pricey, I decided to order two entrees individually, and my choices were their misir wat (spicy red lentils) and the tikil gomen (cabbage with carrot and potato). I really enjoyed the misir wat. It was nicely spiced and I wish I could have ordered more of it. The injera bread was also very good, tasty and possessing a nice texture. As for the tikil gomen, it was okay, but tasted a little flat, and I don't recall it tasting that flat at other Ethiopian restaurants. Another thing I found to be flat here was the service, which was generally inattentive and unfriendly. The waitress was having a splendid time socializing with someone at the front counter when I came in, but had the most sour expression on her face when she interacted with me. No, I was not looking for friendship and conversation, but would it have been so hard to crack a smile when I entered and requested a table? Especially since, at that time, I was the only customer in the restaurant. Also, would it be too much to ask for a refill of water when my glass is empty? I would give this place another try because of the food, but the quality of service does not make me feel inclined to return here anytime soon.
Great place for lunch, friendly service and tasty food.
The best key sega watt (spicy beef cubes) in town!  My only complaint would be the high prices and lack of service on water refills (when i'm eating something spicy, i expect LOTS of water refills).  It's definitely filling and the ingera bread is actually really healthy for you... it's made with TEFF, a type of flour.  If you like meat, don't let your tastebuds miss the key sega watt!
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share. Very nice server as well. Lemoncello cake was the only disappointment, just a basic lemon cake.
I love this place.  The food is always tasty (who knew that greens could taste so delicious) and the lunch special can't be beat.  Sometimes it's tough to find parking, but be persistent.  You won't be disappointed.
I have no clue as to Lalibela's level of authenticity--but whether it is authentic or not is immaterial to me.  The food is TOP NOTCH!!!!  I can't get enough.  Never had Ethiopan before I went here, but after the first try, I was hooked.  My wife is good with a 2-portion combo, I usually get 3 portions.  I walk out stuffed and good for the rest of the day!  Delicious, and kind of fun to eat with the hands once in a while.  I will warn you:  if you have a sensitive stomach like I do, you will spend the rest of your day either extremely gassy or suffering from bowel evacuation on a fairly consistent basis.  But it is well worth the trouble based on taste/eating enjoyment!

To the dope who wrote about it being "low class" and that you "would rather starve," obviously you've never been starved before (I have).  Believe me, dipstick, if you're ever in that situation, you'll eat whatever is finally put in front of you in any manner possible, even if you have to lick it up off the floor.
So delicious.  Try their tea, it tastes like Christmas.
Pretty inexpensive, and still the best Ethiopian spot in town!
My family's favorite Ethiopian restaurant.  I usually order the spicy combination. instead of the meat combination because it is really just a spicy meat combination.  The lunch specials are also a good deal with good portion sizes.  My daughter has counted Lalibela as one of her top five favorite restaurants since she could count to five.  It was nice to have a restaurant that didn't serve pizza in the top five.  She usually has the red lentils even though they are a little spicy.  My wife loves the vegetarian combination.  And a bottle of honey wine completes the meal.
Yum Yum Yummy!!!
This was my first true foray into Ethiopian food, and it was phenomenal. In fact, if I had other Ethiopian food experiences to compare it to, I'd probably go with the rarely given five stars. 

The menu has just the right amount of items and allows for a lot of customization. I went with the spicy combo. It was indeed spicy, but in a rich and complex way. I paired it with an oh-so-refreshing iced Shai tea. It tasted exactly like Oregon Chai concentrate mixed with water rather than milk. Methinks mixing it with milk would be incredible. 

I ate the combo platter the traditional way, using the spongy, crepe-like bread to pick up spicy, tender, fragrant, delicious chunks of meat and smashed split peas. My hands got quite oily, but that's what they make napkins for. A friendly tip, though: if you eat the spicy platter with your hands, scrub the stuff out of them (like more than washing your hands twice like I did) before you attempt to take contacts out. 

The meal was filling and affordable. I will definitely return.
Lalibela is a friendly, mom and pop style restaurant.  We came with a large group (and reservations) for dinner.  We shared the meat combination, family style.  Each combination platter is listed as serving 3 people - but we had 4 people per order and it was more than enough.  The food is the best Ethiopian food experience I have had.  The major flaw was very slow service.
I just read my first review of this business.... and I quote "I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me."  Oh what a tangled web we weave....   I did go back in a group lunch (twice since) and guess what - You guessed it, the suggestion DID in fact come from me.  And boy was I ever so happy that I did.

I'm bumping Lalibela Cafe UP a notch because the food was incredibly good.  Recently, I went here with a group of folks who like to "tour the world one spoonful at a time".  I chose Lalibela because I wanted to choose a restaurant centrally located from the continent of Africa and because the Yelp reviews down lie!  You don't get 4 stars here for nothing!  Definitely worth a 3rd trip for me.

The group was seated promptly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their food... how do I know?  Because every plate was cleaned!  I mean cleaner than clean!  When we ran out of injera to clean the plates, more was ordered!  

If you plan to go there for lunch, there are 3 different types of lunch specials.  I would recommend the #2 lunch special in which you can choose different wats (like an Indian curry or a stew) to eat with your injera (crepe like pancake) - Here's a breakdown of what I ordered in my last visit, I had the Doro Wat (Spicy Chicken) and they Key Sega Wat (spicy beef) and a lentil based wat with injera.  I would have eaten it all, but I couldn't.  I had to be rolled out of that place my tummy was so full.  

The fact of the matter is, and clearly, my last 2 experiences here have been fantastic with the latest one being even better.  Try them, you will like it.

 Parking can be very tricky at lunch time.  You may want to get in the area before noon.  I've never been for dinner.
We discovered Lalibela thanks to a friend who lives in the area, who'd seen it reviewed on "Check Please, Arizona." We're vegetarians who are always looking for great places to eat on the road, and when Ethiopian food is good, it's very good indeed, so we were very excited to give it a try.

We were not disappointed. 

The first thing you notice when you step in the door is the enticing smell of berbere, the classic spice mixture of Ethiopia. If you haven't experienced it, let's just say that it's the kind of smell that says "really, really good food here."

We ordered two individual veggie platters, each of which consisted of three wats (stews) -- misir wat (a red lentil stew seasoned with berbere and herbs), gomen (stewed collard greens with garlic and onions), and tikil gomen (lightly spiced carrots, cabbage and potatoes) -- and a salad on a bed of injera (a crepe-like, fermented, teff-based bread), with a generous basket of injera on the side. The flavors were just wonderful...as good as any Ethiopian food I've ever had.

In fact, it was so good, we went back a couple of days later. This time, being major fans of all things legume, we ordered a regular "family-style" platter with double portions of mesir wat, shiro wat (ground peas seasoned with berbere, garlic and ginger), yekik alicha (yellow split peas with turmeric and herbs) and a single portion of the tikil gomen. So, so, so good! Everything was so flavorful, we kept picking at it long after we were way too full to eat another bite.

The atmosphere in the restaurant is very casual. It's situated in a strip mall, and has kind of a "hole in the wall" feel, but it's the kind of "hole in the wall" that everyone wishes he'd discover...an unpretentious place that just happens to serve exceptionally good food.

Service was prompt and pleasant on both visits.

If we lived here, we would definitely be regulars (probably very fat, but happy, regulars!). As it is, we will definitely be repeat customers, should our travels bring us back to the area again.
Crazy good Vegi platter. Gobbled it up. Washed it down with a unique stout from Ethiopia too. Very friendly staff, highly recommend. Will be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
Having read a book about Ethiopia, I wanted to try the delicious food.  I'm so glad I did.  In fact, I brought my family, kids aged 15 and 13, they loved it as well.  The atmosphere is strip mall casual, but the food is excellent.   It was just the right amount of spicy, the flavors of the various meats and vegetables blending perfectly.  We will be back!
Service is slack but the food was GREAT!
5 stars for the food, service, and location. I love, love, love eating here. The spices are unlike anything I have ever eaten before, and it is absolutely addicting. Wonderful for children, vegetarians, families, parties, or getting together with your classier and hard to please food snobs. 

The only reason I rated a 4 instead of a 5 is the sheer upset my stomach was in for 24 hours following the food. I know that over time, it will get better, but if you have a cautious or "not-withstanding of new spices" kind of digestive system, beware!
Really loved this place. The service was slow around 1:00pm on a Saturday. We were a party of 4 adults and 2 kids and the Veggie Combo for 3 was more than enough. Did have to order more Injera bread. 

The veggies had such amazing and different flavors from each other. My favorite. Although their website advertises the gluten free injera, when we asked for it, they said they did not have any so our kid had to eat some rice instead.
Different food but not great. Service is very bad and slow. We were a group of 10 people went for lunch, the lady who served us was very rude. When we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table. And the food was served to us after 45 mins. Regarding food, I feel the food had raw curry powder flavors and pretty much all the food items had similar taste.
The food here is great!! The service was great and your definitely get your moneys worth. If you're in the mood to experiment sit in the carpet room and enjoy your dinner.
I can't believe I forgot to review this place! I went a couple months ago with a friend. We were both a little worried that we wouldn't like it, especially because I had Ethiopian food once before and didn't love it. Well, I did end up liking this alright (not my favorite, but definitely not bad). I asked the waitress for her suggestion and she seemed a little exasperated with me (but what do you expect?). At her suggestion, I got the Key Sega Wat (spicy beef stew) and the Misir Wat (spicy lentils). Both had a lot of flavor, but neither was really spicy, which disappointed me. I don't know how soon I would go back here, but if I did ever feel like Ethiopian food again, I would give this place another shot.
Pretty solid Ethiopian food. My only comparisons are Chicago-based, but this was a nice find. (This is really late...so I hope they're around and still serving the same I had - it was awesome!)
I have never had Ethiopian cuisine before so I thought I would give it a shot. So I went there at around 5pm on a Wednesday evening. The service was a little slow with only one person to run cash register and wait on tables. There were only a few people in the restaurant itself but the carry out customers were a fairly steady stream. 

We decided to order the "Vegetarian Experience" even though there were only 2 of us because we wanted to try all the vegetarian options. The ingredients themselves were fairly simple but the flavors were extremely complex and tasted amazing. Even the salad tasted amazing with the lemon dressing. The portion was very large and more than enough as we ended up taking about half of it home. 

For desert we had the mango mousse. It was a perfect dessert with it being light and fluffy and the sponge cake soaked in pineapple juice on the bottom was just the extra kick to put it over the top. 

Definitely a great value and delicious food. My only knock on the experience was the service was a little slow, but I will definitely go back!
Really like this place.  We've eaten here twice now and the food is consistently good.  I met a woman from Ethiopia who said it is very authentic food and she also recommends Lalibela.  The staff is very attentive and the price very reasonable.
What does an Indian do when they are bored of indian food but still want the flavors and the dining experience? They go to Cafe Lalibella. Absolutely delish ethiopian food with tastes so similar to home. Going to this place always makes me philosophical- we are more alike than we think. 
Try the veggie platter because then you get to try everything. In the non veg , the chicken stew is the best. The communal dining experience with one large plate and just sharing among friends makes the experience even more enjoyeable. The service coud be a tad slow but can be forgiven and forgotten.
Finally, i absolutely love the tres leches here ( who knew). Highly recommended.
Foursquare tells me I have been at this place 64 times. I must have missed a lot of check-ins because I eat Lalibela at LEAST once a week. 

I have been going for years and have taking dozens of people and never had anyone not like the food (ok maybe one). 

This place rocks, the staff are great and the Misr Watt. MMMM

For me I get the lunch special Misr Watt, Misr Watt and Misr Watt with extra Injera!
Delightful!  I went with some friends there for a birthday celebration.  We ordered one of the sampler dishes with meat.  OMG.  I could not stop eating.  It was phenomenal.  I had had Ethiopian food once before and thought the injera bread was too weird.  I now realize that other place didn't make it right.  

I highly recommend Cafe Lalibela to anyone who loves Ethiopian food or enjoys middle eastern food and wants to venture out and isn't afraid to use their hands to eat, as is the Ethiopian culture.
This might be the best food I've had in 18 years living in Arizona. Wow.
Not the nicest looking place overall, but good enough to chow down and have a good time.  The service was super friendly and attentive, and the food was totally awesome.  We had one of the huge plates to share between the four of us, which was more than enough, with lots of great variety of things to try.  Some of us got a little uncomfortably full, probably because of the bread, but probably just a learning experience for the type of food.  Very good, and I'd definitely go back.
I'm a huge fan of this place and always will be.

My boyfriend and I commonly come to eat, before seeing a show at Gammage. The food is always good, the beer is always cold, and the waitresses are always incredibly nice.

Plus, I love their birthday coupons they send out for you to use the next time your in.  I'm almost positive they never expire too. SO WORTH IT!

If you like Indian, Thai, Spices, etc, come.  You wont be disappointed.
Gluten Free- Injera bread! Score

Food is consistently good. Service is attentive, but not super smiley... but eh, I'll survive. 

It's hilarious to me, but they offer a bunch of american/italian desserts. Can't get myself to try the tres leches nor the tiramisu from an Ethiopian place. But who knows, perhaps it's delicious. 

We stick to the vegetarian platters - spiced perfectly - great in winter time.
Nice retaurant in AZ...Nice selection and very authentic. I definitely recomend this place if you are in Phoenix area.
For our first Ethiopian food experience, we opted for the Lalibela Exclusive - a HUGE sampler of most of their menu offerings. Did I mention how much food this was?! Definitely too much for 2 people (the menu does state for 3+), but we were greedy and indecisive and I thought this was a perfect choice. 

We liked everything on the 18+ inch tray, but our favorites were the doro wat (chicken), key sega wat (beef), tikel gomen (cabbage), and misir wat (red lentils). 

Their iced teas are yummy and service was informative and attentive! The sampler was pricey, but now that we know what we like we can order more cheaply. 

Definitely worth the unique experience. We'll be back!
Service is not that extraordinary but the food.... Oh boy, that's another story! Because of this restaurant I am absolutely in love with Ethiopian food, it tastes wonderful and I crave injera all the time!!
I love this place! The food is crazy delicious and the service is good. They are quick at lunch and have great lunch specials during the week.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The menu is great and everything they make is delicious.
Loved the fish and chicken dish - Assa Wat and Doro Wat! Even the collard greens were great!
And very unusual communal style eating with everything served on a single plate. Will definitely return for more!
Eat with your hands! This place is fantastic! I LOVE this restaurant. The Misr Wat (red lentils) and Tikil Gomen (cabbage and potato) are my personal favorites! I love everything about the experience. The friendly and helpful staff can guide you through the menu and ordering. Try the iced tea it is bold flavored and unique.
Very interesting and different food choice. Service was adequate - they wanted to know if we had reservations for our party of 8 which I guess seems an acceptable question. They were not quick on refills. Although we got two meat platters for 3 and one veggie platter, we were only brought two platters. We asked the server if we were getting another one of the meat platters but she said that the two meats were combined. Looking at the next table there was a couple with the same amount of food on their platter. Surely they didn't order for six people.... The bill comes and we were charges for three. 

The food was decent. A little bland compared to Indian or other ethnic foods. It is probably legitimate Ethiopian so that could explain it. 

You do get a lot of food for your money that is relatively tasty.
How ironic. It was around 26 years since we had eaten Ethiopian food. We just don't have any near home. When we were in Phoenix around the 24th of August, we celebrated our 25th Anniversary at this restaurant which was within 5 minutes of our motel. They were very busy with quite a variety of clientele and the food was delicious. We only wished we could take some with us.
Eight of us came to this Ethiopian restaurant for dinner during Restaurant Week. Among all participating restaurants, we made the decision on Lalibela based on the strength of the prix fixe menu, availability of vegetarian and gluten-free options, and price.

We were seated immediately upon arrival and the interior was well lit, spacious, and clean. The seating arrangement started with a score of smaller tables that led to ours in the back. The vibe was casual and appropriate for groups of all sizes. 

My choice of appetizer, the Beet and Potato Salad, was a wonderful starter. The mix of chunky beet and potato came with great texture underscored by a light lemon vinaigrette flavor. This is one item I haven't had at Ethiopian restaurants, but it's something I would order again.

The main entrée came with two forms of beef stews; pan-fried beef, chicken stew, green beans, collard greens, lentil, salad, and cabbage with carrots and potatoes. They were served on a bed of fluffy injera with just the right amount of sourness. I was addicted to the softness of the injera, and they were generous to replenish them whenever it was needed. 

The beef items were cut too small, but the spiciness was on point with purpose. The chicken needed to come with an egg, but the vegetarian platter was truly delicious. All the flavors were discernible, unlike some of the Ethiopian restaurants where the seasoning began to taste in uniform after a while. I particularly loved the spicy beef stew, green beans, collard greens, lentil, and cabbage with carrots and potatoes. My dinner companions really enjoyed their food as well.

For dessert, my choice of Mango Mousse Cake was a hit. Plating was not particularly striking but everyone raved about it once I passed around the table. It came with an intense mango flavor, soft custard-like texture, and a smooth refined finish. 

The restaurant became extremely busy by the time we left. And, for $15, the meal was a fantastic deal. I still think the execution was not as sophisticated as Awash, Meskerem, or Abyssinia, but when price and value are considered, this place can certainly go toe to toe with some of the better places around the country. Service was slow, but knowledgeable, responsive, and friendly. Interested diners should expect a good level of authenticity when it comes to the seasoning. Those interested should also be aware of their large portions--so be ready to take some of the food home. I'd be very interested in coming back for another feast.
Went to Cafe Lalibela for the first time today for lunch.  The lunch special was very reasonably priced, and offered a taste of several Ethiopian dishes.  Very tasty food at a good price? Yes please.  I'll be coming back for more very soon!
Perfect for date night or family night.  My kids love the exotic flavors you eat with your hands.  The service is always fantastic and food is great.
This was the first time my husband and I have tried Ethiopian food. Honestly I couldn't tell you what I was expecting because I had nothing to base the expectation off of. It was better than I could have imagined! It was really just great.

I had one of the vegetable platters and it was amazing. I am a vegetarian and I have a lot of food allergies so a lot of the time we go out to eat I end up feeling uncomfortable, nauseous, or full on sick.. After eating here I felt great, the food was clean and light and delicious.
I'm sorry that I can't agree with others who have posted glowing reviews of this restaurant.  I simply wasn't that impressed.  This was my first time eating Ethopian food.  Seeing as Ethiopia is one of the poorest countries in the world where people are starving, it seemed weird that they would have a cuisine to call their own in the first place.  I had the vegetarian platter, which came with several different kinds of items, all placed on top of a tasteless, spongy bread.  None of the items were bad.  Everything was decent.  It just wasn't great.  The spices they use are very similar to what you'd find in Indian food.  Maybe if they used the spices a little more liberally, the food wouldn't have been so bland.  

The ambiance in the restaurant was also of a slightly lower standard than I would have wanted.  It's not very fancy.  I was there on a date, and this wasn't exactly the type of place where I would go again on a date.  I think this is more of a restaurant where I'd bring my family to eat.  But if you require a place that inspires romance on some level, this isn't the place for you.  

For all the unflattering things I've said about this place, one of the best things about it is that everything is very reasonably priced.  It's not like they're giving you less than what you paid for.  The prices are commensurate with the quality of food and type of restaurant this is.  I would eat here again.  I was just hoping for better on my first dining experience.
Lalibela feels like a place you'd imagine stumbling into on the streets of Addis Ababa, close to where the owners are actually from. The food is consistently fresh, delicious and reasonably priced and the selection of Ethiopian beverages is a lot of fun to explore. Improvements: The staff is extraordinarily reserved and a couple ceiling tiles need replacement.
This terrific cafe serves delicious food in large portions at reasonable prices with great service. The #17 vegetarian platter is a tasty way to taste a bunch of different options.
Four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant.  Be warned.  We had beef, chicken, salad and vegetarian dishes.  Caveat emptor!
I have been to Cafe Lalibela about 5 or more times now, and my boyfriend and I LOVE their food.  For those of you who are opposed to eating with your hands or are not a big fan of vegetables, Ethiopian cuisine may not be a good option for you.  We took a friend and his date with us the other day, and although the girl  stated she was cool with anything, we could all tell that she wasn't enjoying it.  If steak, grilled chicken, potatoes and salad are the main staples on your palate, and you dislike deviating away from them, choose somewhere else.   

My boyfriend and I have had just about everything on the menu, but we always come back to the vegetarian combo (number 15) as our favorite choice.  The platter is for 3 people, but we usually finish the platter between the two of us.  We always try to pick our favorite among the collard greens, lentils, green beans, cabbage, and peas, but we give up because they are all so good.  If you are a vegetable lover like us, I think you will find your favorite among their offerings.  The flavors in the dishes are all distinctively unique and delicious.  I think my opinion of Ethiopian food gets better every time I visit the restaurant.
1st time here. The food is excellent. A nice alternative to mexican, fast food, or sandwiches.
My husband and I went there on a whim and were extremely pleased. The vegetarian and gluten free options were fantastic to include GF injera. We shared the vegetarian combo and left with full bellies. The service and prices are also appetizing! We will definitely go back.
My husband & I used to go to Cafe Lalibella about 14 years ago when we lived in Tempe. We're back in Phoenix & went to get dinner & Cafe Lalibella was as awesome as ever. Their veggie entrees are exceptional. I swear their food is the best Ethiopian food that I've eaten, & I've lived in NYC, Philadelphia & Seattle. Get the veggie combo, the spiced tea & some Samosas. Enjoy.
So, to be fair, I've never had any other Ethiopian food before.  Ever.
And, this place always gives me a wicked stomach ache, so some sort of spice they use or something doesn't agree with me.

But, it's DELICIOUS!
And it's vegetarian options are so tasty too!

So, I'll continue popping a Pepcid and coming here for years to come
I wish I could agree with all the great reviews as well, but I can't.  We went right after Shabbat was over, and it was very busy (Saturday night).  There was food, paper and crumbs all over the table and under the table where we sat at.

The food taste good, but nothing in comparison to what I am used to. The injera bread was ok, but not great.  Had to keep asking the waitress for refills and napkins.  

OVERPRICED for the food...my opinion.  I have experience Ethiopian restaurants in American (Southwest region) and this just did not impress me.

Limited parking when it is crowded in that plaza.
Service a little slow at peak hour, but friendly and welcoming.  Very good food.  My family enjoyed it a lot.
I think the food is comparable to, if not slightly better, than Gojo on Thomas. But Gojo is so much cheaper. Doro wat should come with an egg.
Went here for some authentic Ethiopian Coffee. Think I got it, came out in a clay pot pored into a tiny coffee cup. Tasted like a fresh espresso, and seem to have a little more caffeine then a cup of coffee I am used to. I might venture into some food next time.
I eat here at least once a week.  I love the food, the gluten free injera and the service is pretty consistent.  Been a go to spot of mine for many years now... Will continue to be that..
Cafe Lalibela is great!  I've only had Ethiopian at one other restaurant (in DC), but as far as I can tell, this place rocks!  We order the vegetarian platter.  I'm a pretty picky eater, but have no issues and love trying EVERYTHING in the platter!  The service is great - I've been here on weeknights as well as weekends and they always seat us quickly and the service is superb.  The injera is amazing - order extra!
This restaurant is so over priced and mediocre I can't even eat here at all. The best place to get Ethiopian food is ethio-african spices in Phoenix. Don't go anywhere else. Trust me. I spend 50 dollars on just me and my boyfriend at this cafe and the food is dripping with grease leaving you with gas every time, and the injera isn't that good. If u want perfect Ethiopian cuisine for a fraction of the cost SORRY BUT YOU HAVE TO GO TO PHOENIX.
As a visitor from out of town I wanted something healthy and vegetarian. This little gem of a restaurant is amazing!  Get the "Misr" ... A delish lentil dish!!! Yum :)
Amazing flavor fusion. Wonderful staff and great food. Was pleasantly surprised definitely worth a try, ESPECIALLY for vegans and vegetarians !
My first time here and it did not disappoint!

I never had Ethiopian food before so I had no idea what to expect. First of all, the service was wonderful. Kind and warm and lots of smiles. I love all the authentic decor inside. It is not fancy but it is homey and has some great authentic crafts and pictures to really get a good feel for the Ethiopian culture.

The food was so good. My husband had the fish, lamb, and collard greens. He loved it all but especially the fish. I had the cabbage and potatoes, red lentils, and collard greens. Loved it all as well. The lentils were medium spicy, just right. A little reminiscent of Indian food. The collard greens were mouth watering. Cooked perfectly.

The flatbread thing it came with was definitely unique. Spongy and a bit sour. Takes a little getting used to but its good! 

They recommend picking 3 of their "mini" entrees. Each one is a very generous scoop. We each had 3 and we were stuffed. Next time we are just ordering 2 each... it is very filling. 

I was disappointed that they only had one Ethiopian beer in stock... the menu said there were 3. I wanted a lighter Ethiopian beer to complement my meal but they only had a dark brew. The selection of other beers they have are limited but good. I settled for an ice cold Stella.

We have to try their tiramisu next time. It is supposed to be the best in the valley.
Chester's favorite. Chester has been going here for years, and the food and service is always improving. The yellow split peas give a mellow balance to some misir wat (spicy red lentils) or Chester's new favorite, cold spicy brown lentils. The cold brown lentils are peppery, lemony, and so fibrous (be careful).

Food is served with injera, which is a spongy crepe like bread you use to eat the food with. Gluten free injera is also available. Soon they will carry their stuff at whole turds, too! Chester can't wait. 

P.S. Chester says, "don't forget the tums"
A family favorite, but we have to go when we are hungry!
I am a road  warrior and enjoy finding new places that are not main stream. The best food is always homegrown/locally owned, reasonably priced and causes u to wish they would go main stream. Cafe Lalibela is a fantastic restaurant with superb food, friendly and prompt service, and a casual atmosphere. Mona brought me the spicy combo; some chicken, beef, lentils, watt and cabbage. It was delicious; I at everything to the point of no return. (That is when u are full, know y should stop but can't). Fresh, complex, tangy, healthy and unique is how I would describe my meal. I will come back next time I'm in town.
This place might be my favorite restaurant in AZ. The food is all incredibly affordable, always served very quickly and the options are great. This place boasts an impressive vegan and vegetarian menu and literally everything on it is amazing. Service is always good as well, my drinks are always refilled, food comes fast, and the staff is very kind.

Overall, definitely recommend! Great way to experience Ethiopian food and great dinner out without spending a lot.
It's a pretty bad sign when natives don't come to this restaurant. This is not authentic ethopian food and made specifically to cater to Americans. This was the first time I was offered a fork which was bad sign #1. The injera taste like a tortilla and nothing like authentic injera, bad sign #2. Finally the awaze tibs was bland and the doro wot was extremely sweet. 

Definitely won't be coming back here since this is pretty much saying panda express is authentic Chinese food.
This was my third time here and once again it was a really good experience.  We ordered #21 and it didn't disappoint. 21 has beef, yellow peas and a potato/carrot/cabbage dish. All were well made and flavorful. I love the sourdough flavor of the 'bread' -- not too sour to be overwhelming but a kick to know it's a bit different. 
Service is always ok...not exceptional but usually given with a smile.
Seating is never a problem,  even with a larger group.
We'll be back again!
**Original review from 5/20/2011. Updating new profile.**

Mmmmmm I love this place. I've been coming here on a regular basis since 2007. Found this place because I was mad at my boss and was driving around and pulled in to try Essence Bakery and was distracted by the fact there was an Ethiopian restaurant in the same plaza. So I decided to try this place instead. So, so, so glad I did.

(Regarding my first time) I walked in and immediately fell in love with aroma of the place. It was definitely tickling my senses. I ordered the doro wat (chicken) w/the traditional egg, misr wat (red lentils) and the fosolia (green beans and carrots in a tomato sauce). This was served with injera (looks like a crepe and tastes like a heavenly sourdough bread). To drink, I ordered the Yekmen tea, cold. Wow, talk about a drink to complement your food. This tea is fantastic.

The food is very flavorful. The spices are well balanced. Their version of spicy/heat is pretty mild for my taste, but everyone has their opinions of this. I highly recommend getting the Yekemen/Yekmen chai, hot or cold, with your order. The spices in the tea complement the spices used in the food very well. This is coming from someone who always order water with her meals. This is probably the only place I order tea instead of water.

I've heard some people complain about the service. Well, guess what, in Ethiopian culture, they are very laid back. This place does check on you, sometimes slowly. I'm grateful for that. Understanding the culture, I don't complain about the service. I do recommend that if you are in a hurry, place your order to-go.

Here's the one downfall. Their food is a little on the oily side. Wat is a type of thick stew and most of the wat recipes call for kibae, a type of spiced butter. I thought at first that the oily part was going to be a problem for me, but after dining at Blue Nile, I discarded the notion. Blue Nile had almost none of this oil, but then again, they lack the flavor too. That's another review for later though. I'll take the flavor any day!

I've since brought my mother, son, sister, friends, co-workers, clients and anyone I can think of. Their reactions are always: surprise that they like Ethiopian food and that they want to come back for more.
Yum yum yum is what I have to say about this place. I live right near it. Don't go often but when I do it never disappoints
I've never tried Ethiopian food before, but now I'm a fan!

I came here on a Saturday night around 7 pm and there was no wait for my party of 6 people, which was great for us!  Around 7:30-8 the restaurant started filling up and by the time we left pretty much all the tables were occupied.

We ordered the large vegetarian platter, which is supposed to feed 3+ people. I would say it could feed 4 people comfortably.  since we had more than 4 people we also ordered the individual meat platter, and plus I wanted to try some of the meat dishes.  while the meat dishes were alright, I preferred the vegetarian dishes by far.

sadly, I don't know the names of what I was eating bc there were so many different dishes on the platter, but I really liked how they prepared the veggies.  I even liked the collard greens, which I was expecting to hate!

the bread you use to scoop up the food is really interesting, it's a thin almost crepe like bread, but quite flexible and spongy.  it pretty much has no flavor to it, it's just a means for getting the food into your mouth. I liked the texture of it though, and it enhanced the meal.
A laidback, unassuming little coffee shop where you can plop down on a couch with a book. Lo-fi Willy Street ambiance, decent vegan selection at the counter if you're of that persuasion. As a tea drinker I'd have liked some loose tea offerings, but the bagged stuff was more than decent. I spent many a happy afternoon here. Live music on Friday and Saturday nights.
I like this place, but I'm working on loving it.  I still can't 100% get over the feeling that, a) Some of the staff thinks I'm not hip enough to be there, and that b)  The customers who are looking at their MacBooks are actually listening to my conversation and judging me.

Paranoid?  Yes.  But there you have it.

Anyway, I reeeeally want to love MoFo's.  I think a few more time's exposure and it'll happen.  I already love the decor (the color of the walls has such a warm tone), the paintings are always fun to look at, the fact that you can buy plant & veggie seeds there is awesome, the baked goods are vegan (I'm not vegan, but I love when places cater to crowds that are smaller than the general populace), and let's face it: The iced coffee is amazing.  Let's give it up for cold-brew processing!
Delicious vegan soup!!!
I like the mood at Mo Fo's. Very relaxed, calm. A great place to chill on a Sunday while getting a caffeine fix. The decor and art is fun and eclectic..but I honestly wish that the furniture were more comfy. I know that shabby chic is all the rage these days, but can we get a couch that isn't over ten years old and heavily used?
Mother Fools has a nice, comfortable atmosphere. I love that their baked goods are vegan and -- my favorite part -- they'll make the drinks with soy milk as no extra charge!
Quintessential coffee house.  I don' even know what that word means.
Mother Fool's has a cool, edgy, artistic vibe and is also quite cozy. Maybe it's a little bit too cozy, as the place is small and single people tend to sprawl out with laptops, hunker-down for hours and take up tables designed for two or more people.

As such, my friend and I had a hard time finding a place to sit down even though the place wasn't busy by any means.

We eventually found a table tucked in a back nook, separated from the main room. The lighting needs improvement back there, as each table has a tiny desk lamp with a mega-high-wattage CFL bulb, which are blinding in tight, confined spaces like that. Kudos for using eco-friendly CFLs, but we had to put our lamp on the floor because it was too bright at eye-level (but shutting it off would have put us in the dark).

I liked that they had loose-leaf teas. Their baked goods are all vegan and we tried their gingerbread cookie and also a cranberry scone. The cookie was decent, but nothing spectacular. The scone was oily, soft and completely under-baked, but still tasted okay, oddly enough. What I liked best were the prices: the baked goods maxed out at $2 each, with most hovering around $1.50-$1.90. That's cheap.

Nice atmosphere and nice prices at Mother Fool's. It just needs more space and better lighting. The baked goods could use a quality upgrade, but at least they're inexpensive.
Can I just say that I miss the Chai lattes here???  Mo-fo's is the only place I know of that uses ACTUAL tea to make these, and not that crappy syrup. I'm ruined for any other Chai experience...RUINED. Someone find me a respectable chai on the west side, please!
I go here all the time.  Its appeal is in its artistic and comfy decor (including art everywhere), its excellent coffee and tea, its vegan pastries, and its overall ambiance that could be used as a place to study or meet up with a small group of friends. The only thing I think could be better here is the lighting - at night it gets hard to see the words on my pages and I'm sure I would go blind in a year if I always read in that light!  Also - I would love if they had food there - but I would never leave!
I find their prices very reasonable, their coffee and teas eminently drinkable, their staff earnest and friendly, and most of their food pretty decent.  They have changed some of their seating around since the last time I was in Madison--there are more seats around the perimeter, facing walls.  I appreciate that they are trying to create more space for their customers, and I think you should appreciate that too.
$3.10 for a 12 oz iced coffee!! I want to support a beloved local landmark, but can't afford to do so anymore.
I wish I could give this place eight million stars. I would come here a couple times a week for hours at a time to read. The baked goods, coffee, and soup are all delicious. The baristas are all really sweet. I love the mismatched furniture and ever-changing artwork. Also a really intimate music venue. I moved back to Chicago last year and I think MF's is definitely in my top 5 most-missed Madison things.
Showed up on a Saturday to meet a friend.  Grabbed tea and a muffin.  Pretty standard fare.  A violinist showed up and impressed the entire store with his passionate fiddling.  its really the atmosphere that makes this place, comfy seating, good music, nice lighting.  Plus they take Madison Hours - super cool.
After having several problems with the internet here during peak hours, I am getting a bit frustrated with Mother Fools for having a cap on the amount of users that can access their WIFI (becuase of limited capacity?). Because one of the main usages of space there is studying that utilizes the internet, I hope they do something to address this issue for my sake and theirs.
I want to like this place. The coffee is better than most places in town, they have vegan baked goods, and it's just a few blocks from my house. If I want to chat with a friend or read a book, it's definitely a good place to go.

BUT...this is a university town, I am a student, and I need my internet access to be consistent. I'm fine with restaurants and cafes not offering internet, but Mother Fool's is just a tease. If there are more than a few people using the connection, it fizzles out and I can't use my computer. Even worse, I mentioned the problem to an employee, and she told me that internet is seen as "a courtesy" here, and not something they have to provide. Sure - they don't have to provide it to customers, but it seems like they get a lot of business from wi-fi users, and maybe they could get more from people like me if we knew the internet was working at all times.
YAY!! My 200th review will proudly be on Mother Fool's Coffee House in good ol' Madtown. I absolutely love this place for oodles of reasons. First, they have the most affordable, delicious vegan baked goods that I have had (aside from BHB, ChiDiner and my own kitchen). Vegan Pecan Sandies with Chocolate Chips and Double Chocolate Cookies? Drool. Plum Kombucha or an iced coffee? Yes, please! Second, they have plenty of comfy seating. The total environment of the "coffee house" establishment is spot on. They have more than one bathroom. They offer live entertainment on the weekends. In a perfect world, every worthy town that has colleges, students, intellectuals and universities would have a coffee house so awesome as Mother Fool's.
The only thing good here is the overpriced baked goods that they get from someplace else. The wanna-be pretentious staff are extremely rude (we stayed long enough to see 3 different rude employees) and it isn't even a TRUE coffee shop. A TRUE coffee shop has the following: good aura (its small, smells weird in the back, and doesn't have enough seats, the only table that is comfortable is reserved for huge groups), lets you sit and study once you buy a drink (all they care about is getting your money, they don't want you to sit and enjoy the environment, they just want you to buy coffee and leave, they are not welcoming to those costumers that stay), and friendly staff (nope). Go someplace better! Barriques, Michealangelos, and Fair Trade Coffee! Trust me! Don't be Fooled by Mother Fool's "hipster" appeal. Tis nothing but sick, overpriced coffee and snobs in a smelly room. Word of advice Mother Fools: Make your employees shower, improve your atrocious coffee, and move out the the welcoming Willy Street environment where you do NOT fit in.
I haven't been coming here for very long, but so far I really like it.  I don't drink coffee, so I can't speak to that, but they have a decent tea selection (some loose leaf, some in bags) plus Izze sodas, which I enjoy.  They have a vegan fruit bar which is delicious and a great accompaniment to a mug of tea. 

I think it has a reasonable amount of seating for the size.  I've never been unable to find a spot to sit, even though I generally need an outlet for my laptop.  I've also only had trouble connecting to the wi-fi once and when another customer told the staff she was having difficulty connecting they re-started the router for her right away.

I love that they're open late - until 11, as there aren't many places around here that are, and I've never been made to feel bad for staying for a while and enjoying my beverage.
Within 24 hours of each other, both I and my roommate were thrown out of this place for not buying anything. 

"This is a business," some tattered crypto-reactionary shrugged at me.

The problem is mother broke the promise. The promise to be a neighbor and not just a business. 

Bad marketing choice and bad community choice, mother fools.

You lost my roommate, but I'm writing the review from one of your squishy couches and eating vegan dal. (Reminder: even Indians aren't vegan!).

In short: mother fools is run by a mother of all fools who likes to refuse hospitality to his neighbors.
I've gone to Mother Fool's more than any other coffee place on the east side, mainly because they're one of the few that stays open to 11 pm. (RIP, Escape Java Joint!) It's not exactly my cup of tea, no pun intended, but definitely comfortable and friendly enough. Some of the critical comments below are just plain asinine: MF's prices are no higher than any other coffee shop around, and I think every business has the right to toss a freeloader who comes in, uses the Internet, and doesn't buy anything. (WTF?) True, the Wi-Fi service is a little spotty at times, but it's never been more than a minor annoyance for me. In short, this place is authentic, independent, idealistic, and welcoming, and the drinks are good, and you could do a lot worse than all that.
Been going to this place for years. Used to be a great place to hang out but lately it's been overcrowded, the staff has an attitude and the noise level is sometimes unbearable as the staff keeps the stereo super loud. The wi-fi connection as of late has also been hit-n-miss. They often have great local music on the weekend and I noticed the staff is much better then.
Nice relaxing place. Would give it 5 stars except it is quite small ao when it gets busy there is no place to sit and there was only one person working and was kinda slow. The coffee is excellent, all natural. It's refreshing to not drink artificial flavours and chemicals for once :)
This is my now go to neighborhood coffee house. Their coffee is truly amazing, and their staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They also have great music playing in the background and the atmosphere is always filled with interesting people. It is a great place to spend the morning with a cup of coffee and a vegan muffin while you work on your lab top. They have free wifi, and offer free refills on your coffee too. The only downside is they only accept cash/check, so put your credit card away and stop in for a wonderful coffeehouse experience!
Very chill and relaxed place, with a staff to suit the mood.  They were very friendly and eager to tell me the origin of the espresso beans.

Pricing was fair, and my cappuccino was very good - hit the spot in that bone-chilling Madison climate.  My cousin got a chai latte that was delicious and not too sweet, in a good way.

Oh, and there's rad Invader from Pacman posted on the side of the wall.  Bonus points.
Still sooo in love with this place. I was able to drink my tasty hot coffee, eat a simply amazing vegan cherry chocolate muffin and get most of my final done in one sitting. The vibe here is simply wonderful and the conversations among the groups of people here is chill.  This place is the real deal with transient intellectuals roaming in and out. Drumming up conversations with locals. I would honestly open a Mother Fool's-inspired coffee house in my neighborhood... if I had the funds to start it up. Any investors? Let's talk...
If you like vegan baked goods, you'll probably like this place. I do, for that reason and because it's a perfect place to grade papers and read. 
I usually order tea and a vegan yumminess and sink in a chair - it's pretty nice. 

I don't know why it took me the longest time to review this friendly joint. 
I've been here more than dozen times already. 

And I got a vegan cookie from them at the Capitol when I was protesting. This is just too awesome.
I'm always running around, trying to find new spots to enjoy a good cup of coffee.  This happens to be one of the first cafes I checked out when I moved to madison a few months ago.  

Mother Fools is a solid coffee house in the Willy St. Neighborhood.  It offers everything you'd expect from a cafe... decent coffee, tasty treats, a pleasant atmosphere.  Unfortunately for me, it's just missing a certain something that would make me a regular.

Not my first choice when I crave a cup of joe, but certainly not my last.
I often pop in at around 10:15 to enjoy a bit of late night coffee and vegan treats.  If you are not in the mood for coffee they have a nice selections of teas and cold beverages.  They have a few games that I like to take advantage of and usually the music is good.  There are some days that the music is off though, and I end up leaving shortly after I arrive only for that reason.  The staff is nice and at the time I go it's usually a quiet and peaceful place to be.
Stopped here recently because I wanted to support Willy Street amid all the construction. The girl behind the counter treated us like we weren't cool enough to be there. I felt like an outsider instead of welcomed, very discouraging when I was trying to patronize a local business in the middle of a tough time for the street as a whole. I definitely will not be going back.
This is a pretty good place. Interesting atmosphere inside. Fits nicely into the eclectic neighborhood. Talkative, friendly staff with decent Alterra coffee. The pastries are ok; all vegan. If you happen to be in the neighborhood, this is probably the best coffee shop on Willy st (neck and neck with Ground Zero). Unfortunately, there isn't really an OUTSTANDING coffee shop on Willy (weird right??). If you are looking for breakfast, however, head a couple blocks down to Lazy Jane's.
Coffee here is good, as most all specialty shops are. No credit cards accepted, which cramped my style a bit. Not much for food items, but ok. I would return for sure. Comfy seating.
First impression: great location to people watch along Willy St. There's potential in this place.  The coffee was good and the staff treated me very well. The music, however, is terrible. I feel like I'm sitting in the gap. 80s pop doesn't really set the scene for one to be loner on a Sunday night. I will be back. For the sake of the place, I hope the barista is just out of touch. I'm leaving my Rolling stone behind as a gift..
Love it here!!! Excellent, cheap coffee and teas!  Very relaxing and inviting!  I love the ever changing wall decorations!!!  My new coffee shop that I will be frequenting!
ATMOSPHERE:  Music is usually grunge or alternative, can make some people uncomfortable.  I'd also say it's too loud to be able to study or read anything that needs a lot of attention.  Tables are small but there is a back room that has comfy couches/chairs and is a wee bit quieter.  Definitely has the feel of a certain crowd.
COFFEE:  Great coffee drinks.  They also don't make you pay extra to substitute soy for milk, which is unique.  They are very pro-vegan.
FOOD/BAKERY: Their bakery is almost exclusively vegan with the exception of their cream cheese.  The cookies are amazing, I'd suggest the chocolate walnut cookie.  Good value, filling.
PRICE:  Good prices, especially for those avoiding milk.  Lattes will run you about $3.50 even with soy (good deal) and bakery items are all about $2.  Very good value for the price.

Overall, I say this is a great coffee shop but a bit intimidating for the usual crowd.  Most staff is semi-friendly but the place is a bit "loud" for me and my friends agree.  However, if you want to rock out to some Foo Fighters or Nirvana while reading The Isthmus and you want to make some eco-friendly choices, this is the place for you.
This place is a wonderful hipster/grunge scene, filled with sexy slouchy punks and artists. 
The art is wonderful (both inside and on the graffiti wall)  and the food is, as previously noted, veganese. The chairs are comfy and well situated. My favorite items are definitely the coffee, the sugar free chai (with some real spice!) and the baked goods. 

Come here to sketch, feel poetic, listen to the small shows on the stage or sit outside and watch the graffiti go up.

Do not try to make this your home if you routinely bacon/clorox everything in your general vicinity.
I will start by saying I am very picky about my coffee shops.  Just moved to Madison recently and so far, this is one of the only coffee shops worth going to :) Awesome atmosphere and my coffee was good!  Wish I lived a little closer, would bet here frequently.
Standard cafe with more food offerings than most on willy but cash only and limited places to pop a squat. Aaand by limited I mean unless you're solo or dos options are slight.
Totally vegan bakery. Muffins are so-so, but the cookies (especially pecan sandy, peanut butter choc chip, double chocolate walnut) are good. Yes I've tried all the flavors.

98% of the patrons are on computers or working on their own, so it's a good place to work but not the best to socialize. Did you hear me say all-vegan bakery?!
Now that there's a real alterra in town there is no need to go to this cash only hippie hole!  I'm only rating the place based on its hipster vibe and overpriced espresso drinks and an extra 1.19 or something ridiculous for an extra shot, kudos to them for serving alterra coffee but the only reason I keep going back to this place is because I live right nearby.
I'm not sure about this place. It's about as contrived a coffee place as you can get.

Cash only, art on the walls, limited seating, indie music, standard coffee selection, etc... 

Not really my cup o' joe.
I love Mother Fool's...
As a barista myself, this IS my all-time favorite spot in Madison.  The Baristas here are consistently friendly.  -Despite the hipster atmosphere the Baritas don't act "cooler-than-you" than extremely helpful, friendly, and they earn their tips!
As for the coffee, i honestly say i enjoy it the most out of anything.
I always get a flavored Latte but once while talking to the barista he forgot to ask what flavor i wanted and made my latte plain,
which was something i'd never get by choice.
But it was awesome!  He had taken his time to steam the milk to perfection and i could take the quality of the espresso instead of the sugary syrup flavor i've been "enjoying" my whole espresso-drinking experience.  
Don't even get me started on the food products.  All bakery items are vegan?!?!?! I'm in.  And they're never too-dry or stale.  They're delicious and nothing i can get anywhere else.
I love that they partner with local bussinesses like The Green Owl Cafe and Ladonia Cafe.  Those are also, high quality eats, in my books.
All in all, this place is DEFINITELY my cup of tea.  I'm a regular.
Vegan baked goods were not quite stale, but getting there; almond milk latte was burnt. So if you're vegan, and you happen to go here on a day when the baked goods are fresh and the barista knows how to steam soy/almond milk, it might be awesome! But otherwise, try the Americano or drip coffee?

The atmosphere was lovely though. A nice place to sit and read. And the barista was friendly.
Great Colectivo coffee, a homey, welcoming aura, and interesting art are great features of this charmingly divey little coffee shop. Plenty of well used vintage mix-matched upholstered chairs and couches to settle into, as well as a fifties style dining room table and chairs to accomodate larger gatherings. I love the mosaic wall that frames the front entrance. 

Vegans will appreciate the wide variety of bakery and soup offerings daily. You can even buy organic seeds for the garden here, and Colectivo coffee by the pound as well. Live music and other performances are offered frequently, a nice bonus.

Big glass front windows means great people watching opportunities while you sip your beverage, if that's your thing, something that's never boring on Willy St. You will need cash or check, they don't accept cards. Four stars for wifi that is somewhat intermittently functioning, at least the last time I tried using it.
No credit cards, yo

Soups are vegan, get an amazing fougasse to accompany it to make a filling meal.

But save room for the awesome vegan baked goods :) sooooo many choices of cookies, muffins, cupcakes- YUM!

tasty coffee

grungy hipster vibe.
I love the coffee, atmosphere, staff and colorful decor. We need more independent coffeeshops like this!!! The vegan pastries are also delicious. :)
Good, not great, but I can feed myself for two days with one stir fry.. can't beat that!
This place is pretty decent, nothing spectacular though.  We went one day after driving past this place for months.  We just always thought it was closed down or something, it never looks open.  The place is a decent size, but not too large.  You can create your own stir-fry, which I should have done, or you can just make a selection from the menu.  The husband and I chose the menu and got sweet and sour chicken.  It was pretty good.  Run of the mill Asian food really.  The portion was really big though and the price was fairly low, so that is always a major plus.  It wasn't bad.  I will probably visit again out of curiosity.  I really want to make my own stir-fry.  Yum!
A couple coworkers introduced me to Mu Shu over a year ago and I was instantly hooked. As lover of Asian Food, this place is right up my alley. Its a quick and easy concept and you'll end up with lunch, dinner and lunch again the next day - there's THAT much food for less than $9. You pick your meats and spices and the rest is up to you to load up your bowl with veggies as much as you'd like. Don't be scared - load them in there!  They grill it all up and serve it hot over rice. Its delicious and generous. While you wait, you can help yourself to crunchy noodle chips dipped in sweet and sour (delicious) and a soda fountain. I love that you're not waiting on servers but you still get that sit-down lunch vibe. A must try.
20100111

As You Like it - Standard Chinese Fare or Mongolian-Style

Service             .8 of 1 star
Food              1.2 of 2 star
Atmosphere   .7 of 1 star
Cleanliness  1   of 1 star

When we crave veggies out, this is where we go.  If someone wants sweet/sour, lemon chicken, Kung Pao, it's here too.  There's the make-your-own, a full Chinese menu, and three made-up meals with multiple choices for variety.  You can order real brown rice, fried rice or regular rice.  Most food is made and served fresh.  There's a lunch menu too with lunch pricing.   It's a decent place to eat, the decor is warm and welcoming.   The "Mu Shu" wrap specialty is not a mu shu wrap in the strict Chinese dining sense but a giant flour tortilla rolled (wrapped) into a monster Chinese burrito full of your meal choice.  If police dining is a good restaurant, we've seen up to 14 officers in for dinner at one sitting.

We will return.
For years I drove past this place... and a good analogy would be don't judge a book by it's cover, or a restaurant by the bus stop in front of it. When I finally did stop in for dinner I kicked myself for not visiting sooner. The Ong's are amazing people and are always really welcoming and nice. They even ask about my daughter if I don't have her with me... and it's not like I'm in every day. You open the door to a happy cat giving the high five and it only gets better. This place is clean, clean, clean. You could eat off the floor clean. Yes, Asian food can be high in calories, and if you are one of those people that count them, then this is the place for you. They have the freshest vegetables for stir fry (the buffet is always beautiful) and they can stir them up healthy and low cal for you in a jiffy. Or if you are old school you can kick it fried with a sweet and sour sauce. It is the best of both worlds and they have something for everyone, even a kids menu. My daughter loves the honey chicken with white rice. And I swear, the most expensive thing on the menu is the lobster and at $15 dollars... well, need I say more. Most lunch items are $6.95 and they pop it up to $7.95 for dinner. It is almost crowded at lunch and all sorts of smart people can be found eating there. Dinner is a little quieter, but on a third or fourth date this spot can be a great place to eat and converse and it won't dent your wallet. No one rushing you out and it's quiet in a nice way. They also serve beer and wine (happy hour is 4 to 7) and they have a soda fountain so you can help yourself or the server will top you off... especially at dinner when it isn't as crowded. This is really a mom and pop place and they take pride in all they do. If you are looking for hip/franchise (drive) move along. This is a one of a kind place with regulars. My favorite dish is their Mu Shu wrap which includes all the yummy deliciousness of the traditional Chinese dish wrapped in a tasty tortilla. I'm pretty sure this is the only place that has a Chinese/burrito and it is fantastic (I can barely finish half of it.) My only complaint could be that the servings are huge or to put it nicely very, very generous. It is all a part of the awesome hospitality of the place so I don't hold it against them, but you won't be able to leave without a take out bag (because you wouldn't want to hurt Mr. Ong's feelings.) Take out is quick, their food is great for the price, and if you happen to be a bus rider the nearest bus stop is only a few steps away. They have a web site with coupons sometimes, so check them out on-line before you go. So uò dé kuài lè!
I guess the lucky cat was watching over my meal because was good. 

I recommend you orient yourself with the menu when you first go in as there are many tempting options. They have typical Chinese chaffing dish foods and a beautiful array vegetables for their build your own stir fry. 

Unlike other  BYO stirfry places the sauces, and protein amounts are prefix. There are several sauce options, a dizzying array of vegetables and some great julienned firm tofu. 

Once you fill your bowl, you drop it off for cooking. Once it is cooked you name is called, and you pick up your bowl plus which now has rice in addition to the meat veggies and sauce. There are small bowls of won ton chips available as well as a good array of condiments. 

To go boxes are also free which will be needed for most people. 

Friendly helpful staff is there to assist with ordering and water refills.
I'm back! is what I proclaimed as I walked through the door. However the longer line just gave me an odd look.

This trip I decided to take my entire team, which ranged from Chinese food pros, to a recent grad from Montana who had to ask me what half of the veggies were.

Overall we had a good trip, our food was good, the service was pleasant and overall it was a good value. Because it was a busy Friday it did take longer for our food to cook than expected. Also we got the last parking spot in the lot, if we were a few minutes later I don't know what we would have done.

I opted for the make you own stir fry with kungpow sauce. I recommend when filling your bowl you skip the broccoli until later as it just takes up excess space at the bottom. I went heavy on the tofu and pea pods this time. The food came nuclear hot so it did take some time for it to cool down enough to eat.

My coworkers were surprised by the volume of food and they seemed to enjoy their shezuan beef and chicken dishes. 

I am not the food authority at the office, if some one is going out they now ask me where to go thanks to my recommendation of this place for lunch.
This is absolutely one of my favorite Asian lunch spots during the work week! It's like a Mongolian BBQ except it's CHINESE.

You select your meat (chicken, beef, shrimp, tofu), then your flavor (kung pao, classic, teriyaki), then choose between plain or fried rice or noodles, then you get a pretty wide range of vegetables to pick from, such as broccoli,  carrots, cabbage, mushrooms, snow peas).

It can get really crowded on a good work day, but you'll walk out full and satisfied.  I have been going here regularly and the best part about Mu Shu is the CONSISTENCY in the QUALITY!  $10 or less meal with a drink.
Mu Shu is an all time favorite of mine!  I have been going there for about 5 years now - the owner Gary and the staff are all so nice!   The place is like a Mongolian BBQ but 10x better than any one that I've ever been to - the bowls are twice as big, you don't have to touch the meat, it's cheaper and it just tastes fresher!

The food is delicious and you always have plenty to take home!  Seriously, I can put some food down but I always end up with a full take home box.  

You should definitely try this place if you haven't!!!
Mu Shu is the go-to place for lunch/dinner take out.  

They have a menu, but why would you bother?  The build-your-own stir fry is the way to go.  Take your choice of chicken, shrimp, and whatever else they have... choices of sauce (go for the spicy garlic), and noodles, white or brown rice.  Then grab a bowl and stuff in as many veggies as you can.  The veggie bar is immaculate, and you can tell they use the freshest ingredients: onions, broccoli, bean sprouts, watercress, kale, tofu, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, spinach, and probably 5 others I got.  I usually go with chicken, light spicy garlic sauce, and white rice.  It runs me about $7, and I end up saving half of it for a second meal.

The take-out service is super quick, and the staff couldn't be friendly.  It only took two take-outs to become a regular.  Be sure to ask for a stir-fry card (I believe its 11th one free), as you will be using it!
This place is a hidden gem. Have been passing it for years and finally went a couple of times and was very very pleased. It's extremely clean, the service is mom and pop very friendly, and the food is tasty. 

I've tried the hot and sour soup which is tremendous, kung pao chicken which is fantastic, crab puffs which are great, and the create your own stir fry is fun and you can make it as healthy or fattening as you want.
I build my own stir-fry and I had the veggies with noodles.  The service is quick and the staff are very friendly. I had left overs and I had it to go. Make sure to ask for a bag to place your to-go box, because the sauce from your food will leak and you don't want to wear it on your shirt or spill all over your car. 

Nice place to eat Chinese food!
This place is "da bomb!"  Been going there for about 10 years off and on, very close to Central Phoenix, easy access from westbound Thomas, just turn right into the parking lot (which can be crowded at lunchtime).  They are open daily 11a - 9p (EXCEPT SUNDAYS).  If you avoid lunchtime, you can get the shortest lines.

You can go very healthy with the self-serve stir fry by choosing lots of darker veggies, going with chicken, asking for half the amount of sauce and choosing brown rice instead of white rice.  I also avoid soy products and cabbage (thyroid issues), so I avoid the cabbage and the tofu that are available in the self-serve veggie buffet, but I get everything else and there are a lot of other choices of veggies (huge fresh spinach leaves, bean sprouts, green peppers, celery, mushrooms, cut zuccini, tomatoes, onions, pea pods, bok choy, etc., etc.).  It's a comfy little place to "eat in," but personally I like to hit the self-serve buffet and split.  

It's very convenient to the Central Avenue Business Corridor and is frequented by people who work near there during lunch, so try to go some other time like before or after the lunch hour to get in and out quicker.

The kung-pao sauce is very, very hot, so next time I think I'll ask for "half Teriyaki sauce and half Kung Pao sauce," then ask for half as much total sauce as they usually provide -- otherwise the rice gets too soaked and the box leaks.  I also ask for the veggies to be stir fried lightly so they're crunchy (al dente) (why fry all the nutrients out of the veggies?).

I think next time I'll ask for aluminum foil to line the styrofoam takeout box so the sauce doesn't leak in my car and the hot food doesn't melt the styrofoam (a xenoestrogen), or if I think of it in advance I'll bring a sheet of aluminum foil with me.  Perhaps someday they'll change to a more environmentally friendly and healthier alternative to-go box made out of a paper product or something, instead of the current styrofoam box.

Very friendly service, especially the manager dude -- I can't believe he recognized me after like 4 years!

The place is SUPER CLEAN, but the restrooms are teeny tiny.  I fill my self-serve stir fry bowl to a mound of overflowing veggies and since they are fried only lightly (per my request), they don't melt down to a small volume, so there are leftovers for the next day.

My ONLY possible suggestion for them would be if they started serving MONSTER SIZED EGGROLLS.  There's a place currently in the strip mall next to Sprouts on 19th Avenue & Northern that sells MONSTER SIZED EGGROLLS, but it would be nice if I didn't have to drive that far.

Very casual dining/take-out, no need to dress up.  If you DO dine in, they have FREE REFILLS of sodas and iced tea at the fountain.

Do not pass "Go," do not collect $200, do NOT miss Mu Shu!!!  These folks thought of self-serve stir fry YEARS BEFORE Mongolian BBQ came along...
Mongolian BBQ...On the NW corner of Thomas & 15th AvenueLove this place!  ...If you go here, get the Stir Fry in the front!...I love to add my own ingredients into my bowl which they take from you & stir it all up with the sauce of your choice. Very hearty, lots of food. Always hot & fresh! Very friendly!
Mu Shu is a great place for a fast pace lunch, and low key quiet dinner. 

The food is fresh, service is fast and friendly, and the restaurant is extremely clean.

I got the Stir Fry and it was a bowl of hot fresh veggies and your choice of meat. Its a great place to eat healthy food, but be careful you don't over eat cause the portions of food is incredible.

I heard the Mu Shu Wraps are awesome, and I'm gonna try it next time. Also, if you like spicy chinese food, you can always request for them to add spice to anything!
Dinner was awesome! The food was great the prices were reasonable. My only complaint is that we ordered 2 of the combos to go and did not receive our soups that were supposed to come with it. The only reason this was a problem was the soup was the only reason I ordered the combo. Other than that everything was great!
One minute from my house.

Mama memories and flashes of my past life as a restaurant child come flooding when I see the hardworking family crew at Mu Shu holding it down. The personal touches and friendliness go so far. It makes me want to support this little sparkly jewel in my sector.

The stir fry is where it's at. Also, the beef on a stick served at the table with a tiny, fiery griller was the unequivocal favorite of my party. Char! Char! Char!

Great price point, fresh and healthy selections (if that's what you're after) and lovely service.

Mama is the glue.
If Asians eat at an Asian restaurant, it has to be good, and I have often seen Asians eating here. Lovely architecture and decor, great pick-your-own stir fry, and plentiful classic dishes to order off the menu. Not crazy about their soups, but their entrées are tasty.
Oh. My. God. This place is amazing! I literally am sitting here with a belly full of delicious Hot and sour soup, crab puffs, orange peel chicken, and Peking beef! This is probably some of the best Kari Out I've ever had. The meat is quality, the vegetables are fresh, and for the amount of food they give you, you can't beat the price! I'll be having the rest for breakfast tomorrow!
This is my go to place for great Asian food. Its priced reasonably. The quality is excellent. Top marks for the Teriyaki  chicken and the fried rice. The Teriyaki chicken is not the usual sweet stuff. Its a hearty almost beef broth like flavor. I'm a huge fan of the friend rice as well. I've had numerous beef dishes. The meat is always super tender. The staff is super nice, very attentive, always quick to take your order or get a drink. Its never busy for dinner either. With a restaurant.com certificate it makes the deal even better.
Fantastic food, good sized servings, and great service! 
Check restaurant.com for certificates as cheap when on sale as $2 for a $25 off $35 minimum purchase. I go there often with friends. Always leftovers. Yum.
This family owned restaurant has a very welcoming and happy environment. Their stir fry is always excellent (I prefer the chicken stir fry with spicy garlic noodles) and my mother always loves their spicy beef noodle soup. Their chinese food is very addicting and I'm always tempted to make the drive there just for some wholesome chinese food. Definitely one of my favorite places for Asian cuisine in the central Phoenix area.
After reading all the hype I decided to check this place out.  I checked out their online menu and the lobster in black bean garlic sauce caught my eye so I headed out the door with my wife and son and went for dinner.  I did not order the stir fry.  I arrived at the location and was greeted by an older asian woman who sat us and got our beverages.  I ordered shrimp fried rice, lobster in black bean garlic sauce, pot stickers and my wife ordered the peking beef.  The food arrived and as soon as I saw the lobster I knew we had a problem.  The plate itself looked messy and unappealing.  The lobster was way overcooked and hard, I did not consume half of the dish.  The taste was very lacking and the sauce was very bland.  The shrimp fry rice was basic with peas and carrots in the dish.  The pot stickers were delicious.  The peking beef was okay.  Needless to say I will not be returning to this place and would not recommend it to anyone else. I did communicate my dislike to someone who looked like the owner or manager.
Step Off the Bus and Into Fresh Food....

We've sat through MuShu's day-end routine twice in the past few weeks.  I've worked in fast food, restaurants, ship's galleys, institutional dineries, and seen a few grease traps, grease screens, grease buckets, grease barrels, and grease fires.

Every evening the range grease filters are taken down and cleansed, everything else is thoroughly cleaned and set up for the next day.  The veggies are fresh, food prepared immediately for most items, and service appropriate.  

This is a fine little neighborhood eatery with a menu for all tastes and budgets.  I suggest you find something fitting your budget and taste it here.
This place is great. You pick the protein and any amount of fresh veggies you want so they can stir fry it together. Its healthy and taste great. They also have a Burrito like meal which they call MuShu which is AWESOME!!.. You can't go wrong, and be for the look out for the older asian lady, she is nice, so you should tip her =D
I was struck by a very intense Chinese food craving on Friday night and this was the closest place with the best reviews. I'm so glad we chose it!

We ordered take out since my husband and I were feeling somewhat under the weather, so I can't remark on the service; except that the very nice gentleman who handled the transaction (he seemed like the owner, but I'm not really sure) was awesome. He gave us a free 2012 calender! And I really liked his vest.

And, the food. We ordered staple basics...chicken lo mein, house special fried rice, teriyaki chicken, and some dumplings. They were all fantastic! The sauce for the dumplings was crazy spicy, though. The food was all a very acceptable level of American-style-Chinese-food greasy, not so much to give me a tummy ache, but juuust enough to make it tastier (in other words, not as good as China Grill in terms of no grease, but wayyy better than Chen & Wok, everything there gave me a bit of a tummyache). Everything seemed really fresh and we both thought everything was crazy delicious! And, $30 (no tip since it was take out) for all of that, and I still have some leftovers. Fantastic! I can't wait to come back.
Good stuff! I got the veggie lettuce wraps and the veggie mu shu wrap. The mu shu wrap looks just like a chipotle burrito but it's filled with a Chinese stir fry... Yumm!
I went around 5:30pm during the week it looked dead but the food was really good. A plate of stir fry was more than enough food for 2 people....even had leftovers! Will be coming back for more!
Love this place! If you like the idea of mongolian BBQ grill like YC's, then you'll definitely love this place. I love that you can pick what kind of sauce you like, your veggies, and either noodle or rice, and they do the rest! They make sure your food is yummy! They also have a regular menu as well which is also delicious...Definitely inexpensive for the amount of food you get!
There is no option for an individual 4 1/2 stars, but that's what I'd give it. There are better Chinese restaurants, but the combination of taste, value and service is really GREAT! We always get the stir fry in which you choose the veggies. YUM. I highly recommend.
I love Mongolian bbq, not really impressed with this place.  YC's is much better...
Mu Shu can be very average or very good depending on what you order. The dishes that we all love like Orange Chicken aren't very good despite using chicken breasts and good ingredients. You can tell that it is quality, but there is no "pop" to it. However, the mu shu wrap is outstanding (add a little plumb sauce), and the Mongolian grill is pretty solid but could use more options. 

Here is your Mu Shu fortune cookie:

"Your happiness will depend entirely on what you order."
Very nice good food will return!
The place is always so clean, and the evenings are pretty quiet. Their food is really fresh and good. My kids especially love their honey chicken. Yum!
All i wanted was a little mu shu.. but boy was i surprised at the large portions, the dish i ordered was the Spicy Mu Shu Burrito with Chicken and Beef with Fried Rice.. yeah i paid a little bit extra to get the combination of meats, but to me it is worth it..  The flavors are so unique and satisfying that i wish i could finish two.
Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston, which has some decent Chinese restaurants, great food, but rude/curt/abrupt service. I had learned to keep my head down, not make eye contact and not ask any questions. Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!

So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill. However, complete opposite here. Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment, asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.

I was in the mood for Mu Shu, and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu, right? Mr MS described to me his version of MS, I heard him say something about a burrito, but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu! Boy was I wrong! When I get it, it's bigger than my forearm. It's packed full of shrimp, veggies and fried rice. Wow, what a great flavour!

You've heard of Asian fusion? This is Mexasian!
Went to Mu Shu today at noon with my wife for first time.  We were both very impressed with the food, the service, and the friendliness of the personnel.  
Mu Shu kind of reminds me of a cross between a mongolian grill and a restaurant.  The stir fry which we both had was very, very good.  Large portions and lots of veggies.
We'll go back.
I went to this place because it was closed my hotel in Phoenix downtown and it is 4-star in Yelp. 

To my disappointment, there was no meat to pick and very limited vegi for stir fry. so we decided to order the regular dishes. 

There were just a couple of tables but the service was very slow. The dishes are very tiny for the price and the tea would cost extra. 

Overall, This is NOT an authentic Chinese food restaurant. Might be a place that just caters the lunch for people working in downtown.
Great food, affordable prices.

Just don't ask for the won ton chips if you're getting your food to go.  Unless you really want someone to tell you off.  Or if I'm there to watch.  It's pretty funny.
I was introduced to this restaurant when I worked near them and often went there for lunch.  I was beyond impressed when I received a piping hot bowl of the protein of my choice as well as the freshest veggies that I specifically picked to be included.  I have only tried steaming white rice, but I' m sure any choice would be just as great!  I live in Surprise and travel here just to enjoy the yummy food.  Always clean, professional yet friendly and I will continue to come back as long as they are open!!!
We finally got a chance to stop in Mu shu Asian Grill last night. The first thing we noticed was how clean the restaurant looked. We were seated immediately and asked what we would like to drink. The menu is filled with the items you would expect in a Chinese restaurant but also features a stir fry menu. Pick you protein, chicken, steak or shrimp then go up to the bar in front of the opened kitchen to select your fresh vegetables. Choices of rice or noodles are also included. We started with the egg drop soup that was very good and after a few minutes our meal arrived. A huge bowl filled with all of the pre-chosen veg, meat and rice. I choose the classic Chinese sauce and it was delicious. Our server was friendly and attentive.
Dropped into Mu Shu by chance., Had a great meal with plenty of fresh veggies and great service from owner and his wife.
We have friends who rave about mu shu. We like it, but not enough to make it regular, and we live just a few blocks away. Price/value is measured in pounds. Friendly service, still it's cafeteria quality
My friends and I really like this place. The people are very nice, it's always somewhat busy, but not too busy that we've ever had to wait for a table.  The food is great.  Soups are delicious.
I've gone twice now. Friendly staff, good food at a great price. The stir fry is good and so is the walnut shrimp.
Tried this place on a whim. I placed a take out order instead of dining in.  I loved having this convenience.  The staff when I arrived to pick up my food were very social and friendly.  The dine in restaurant is not what I expected.  It appeared that they had some type of buffet bar as part of the dining experience.  My food was ready by the time I arrived and stayed warm for the whole trip home. 
I preface this food review with the warning that I am not a big fan of Most Asian foods. I tried the ginger garlic chicken and was not very impressed.  I'm sure that the food itself was good it was just not what I was expecting.  I also sampled the honey dipped chicken which was the more tolerable dish between the two.  The potstickers were very tasty.  I was a little disappointed with the crab puffs.  There didn't seem to be very much filling inside the fried wontons. 
Despite not liking my dish I wouldn't mind trying this place again to see if I can find something on the menu, other than the potstickers, that is worth coming back for on occasion.
The food and service are outstanding. We have been coming here for a while, hopefully a lot more people will start coming here.  The stir fry dish is A-Mazing.
On my way in for a late night of work and decided to try this place.  I got the honey drizzled chicken with brown rice and some hot an sour soup. 
It is a quaint place where they take your order and call your name when it is ready. There is one lady keeping the front clean and providing refills and boxing up food to go. The music is way old school but adds ambiance. 
Back to the food. It was delicious and I loved the hot and sour soup. The honey chicken wasn't heavy, the brown rice was perfect and oh lord that hot and sour soup. I will be back.
To summarize YUM YUM.
I love Mu-Shu's stir fry. I get to pick all of the fresh veggies and the meal always feeds me for 2-3 meals. The staff and owner are personable and always friendly. Just a heads up, they are NOT open on Sundays, so I try to plan my cravings accordingly. All of my friends that I have brought here love it.
Garry Ong, I commend your hard work and devotion to your industry.  In my tiny corner of the world, this is as good as it gets.  I ate Chinese, or something like Chinese food three times, three separate places in one August 2013 week.  Mu Shu was far and away the best.
Food is excellent, along with the service! I'll be coming back for sure! 
I ordered a combo with Lemon Chicken & Kung Pao chicken. The combo also came with soup to start & a spring roll on the side.  I couldn't eat it all and for $10, I got 2 meals out of it! My boyfriend ordered the stir fry with chicken.  We both agree this place has fresh, tasty food!
Pretty clean place very awesome workers and the food was fantastic.  Decent price for the high quality of food and service. Definitely coming back for more at a later date, it's close to my work so even better.
Healthy, delicious, fast, relatively inexpensive.  You can assemble your own stir-fry dish to make sure your favorite veggies are apportioned just right.
I was craving fresh stir fry and happen to find this place. I drive by it every day and never made time to try it till now. I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised. The service is friendly and fast. The place is very clean. The food is healthy and delicious. My food tasted so fresh and so full of flavor it was really delightful. I will be recomeded This place to my friends from now on. - I had the build your own stirfry / with king pow chicken - my husband had a similar dish. We loved it! 5 stars!
Love getting all the veggies I want and having them cooked with noodles.  Very nice people working here.  Good lunch spot compared to Pei Wei...
This place is easy and convenient, but a little over priced.  I love that you can pick your veggies and get as much as you want, but once they're doused in sauce, you can't even tell which veggies are which.  I will be going back because I do love the veggie selection, but I won't  EVER pay the extra $1 for fried or brown rice.  You can't even tell the difference between the white, brown or fried.  The next time I go, I plan on asking about limited sauce.  We shall see!
This is a very fast and fresh alternative to the standard fare.  Close to downtown it is a good place to grab some lunch and they do it in good time too.  The wraps are big enough for 2 meals and I have even grabbed one on the way home from work for the hubby and I to eat for dinner.  The veggies are super fresh and the food is delicious.
My husband and I went to My Shu for dinner tonight. I can sum up the food in just one word "YUM"! Everything was so good, the veggies were so fresh, spring rolls to die for. I had the Veggie My Shu with fried rice. It was huge and absolutely the best Mu Shu ever. My husband had Sweet and Sour chicken and he loved it. He can be a bit picky about Asian food and this place was a hit. The service was wonderful, everyone was very friendly. I loved the open kitchen concept. I could see right into the kitchen and it was super clean. 5 Stars!!
I took my wife and two sons here last night and we all loved it. The food was fresh and the option to pick your own vegetables for the stir fry is awesome. My youngest son who is a very picky eater loved the chicken with noodles. My older boy loved the pork. My wife and I had the beef and both really enjoyed it. Everything tasted fresh and the portions were big. Looking forward to left overs tonight. Very nice staff and manager/owner (?) came over and talked. Remember my name and said good bye when we were leaving. Great customer service. We will be going back often.
My first trip in and it was a good one! I love that I can build my own stir fry and the ingredients are so fresh. The food came out quick and hot. It's nice to find a place that is such a great value and clean inside especially around this part of town.
The food here is delcious! The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The place is clean, the location is convenient, reasonable prices... what else could you ask for? Try the vegetable Mu Shu; its the bomb, yo!
So I walk in and it being my first time here my face must have gave it away because the owner walked up to me and asked if this was my first time here. He then walked me through the process, almost everything is made to order except for the daily combo they are already precooked. He handed me a menu which is fairly basic but had some great items on it. I walked up to the cashier and she was friendly and welcoming she gave me some ideas and help me decide on what to get the Mu shu wrap.....AWESOME.... It was stir fry, rice and chicken wrapped in a tortilla, it was heaven. 

I would totally recommend this place and will be going back!!!
I was not too impressed with my first experience at the Mandala Tearoom.  Several of the items on the menu where unavailable that day (including the one I had hoped to order) so I decided on a vegan BLT.  It was okay, but nothing to rave about.

I did enjoy their selection of tea.  I had a delicious "Coconut Creme" black tea that I would highly recommend.

Next time I go I'll take my fella, we'll go stretch out in their comfy lounge area, sip some great tea and skip the food.
This place is amazingly good. I love going here. The only bad thing is its in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale which can be a bitch to navigate. Trust me though its definitely worth it. They have many types of teas and I personally love the toasted Foccacia Bread with 3 spreads. Uh! Thinking about it is making me extremely happy!
I really wanted to like this place more than I did.  The concept earned it an extra star.  The Valley is devoid of vegetarian restaurants and was dying for a good teahouse.  I tried brunch and while the food was good, the prices were high.  Additionally, the service was bad.  I'll give it one more chance.  Check back for my updated review.
Just had lunch here and was impressed. Great vegan menu, which is much needed in the Phoenix Area. Service and atmosphere were both nice. I enjoyed the ceasar salad (not the best vegan dressing i've ever had but still good) and a wonderful BLT on foccacia. I've been hoping for a place with a simple good BLT for a long time in this area and they've definately got it. I had a taste of the chips and salsa which was also excellent and comes with a great vegan sour cream
I'm a recent transport from los angeles, so you can understand that I've been having major vegan food withdrawals...then I discovered mandala. The macro platter and the BLT are everything a hearty vegan meal should be, not to mention the space just makes you feel healthy the moment you arrive and everyone is really nice.
Organic Vegetarian cuisine. I agree that Arizona needs more Organic and  vegetarian choices.

I agree that the ziti was pretty boring. The spinach salad I had was huge. There was more spinach than I cared to eat though and ended up just picking out the tempeh and other yummy toppings. 

The bench-style seating make the seats  too close together for my personal space requirements. On one visit, I had the misfortune of sitting next to a table of 4 adults and one kid plopped right next to me in a high chair that found it amusing to throw his food all over the floor beneath he and I. On the other side, was a couple that seemed to be having an intimate meal. Both of my neighbors were within arm's length.

I do love the seating near the window where you can  sit cross-legged with a nice privacy screen. And once it cools down, the outdoors should be nice.

Their tonics are pretty yummy. As a Green Girl, I love the dual-flush toilets and other Green furnishings spread throughout.

Overall, a good aesthetic representation of Organics, but the food could use some more oomph for the prices charged. 

I'll stick with them, though. I have high hopes for this new restaurant.
Lovely place with good food.  100% vegan and healthy.  Good selection of raw and/or gluten-free items.   Friendly helpful staff, sometimes slow and forgetful, but always pleasant.  
Clean cool new age atmosphere.  The tables are a little close together, but the seating is comfortable and the music softens the sound space.  Sometimes there is live music.
Easy to find, plenty of street parking available.
  
I've tried the dinner and the brunch.  Mandala would rate 5 stars except for some food related shortcomings.  Raw burrito was full of salty olives - too salty for me, and unexpected in a raw dish.  Blue corn pancakes were undercooked, though the flavor was good. (on the bland side, but I prefer that to an oversalted fried ihop style concoction)  Also the service could afford to be slightly more attentive.
On the positive side, everything else we ordered was good, though not hugely outstanding.  The menu could afford to be slightly more innovative.

Despite some shortcomings, Mandala is by far the best place I've found in the Phoenix area for a healthy vegan meal.  It rates among the better vegan restaurants I've been to in the U.S.  The prices are reasonable for a nice restaurant and I look forward to my next opportunity to eat at Mandala.

P.S. The spa/apothecary next door is nice and seems to be open even  in the evenings for after dinner treatments.
Great place to get fresh, healthy, solidly-executed food.  Unfortunately, the menu's lacks imagination and is a bit limited, especially for brunch.  

There are more choices for drinks than there are for food, hence the name Tearoom.  All teas and coffees are served in french presses with an egg timer so you get the perfect brew.  You get the choice of soy, rice or almond milk and a wide range of sweeteners.

The blue corn griddle cakes served with maple syrup and blueberries was full of fibery goodness.

We also had a spelt foccacia sandwich filled with an artichoke-garlic spread, spinach and shredded carrots.  The salty miso soup helped balance the blandness of the sandwich.

Healthy doesn't necessarily mean bland.  I've had some great raw vegan meals in NYC where they use lots of herbs and spices to make up for less salt.  Mandala could be great with an injection or two of creativity.
I'm not a vegan, but I love Mandala Tea Room and Mandala Apothecary...
I've been on several occasions and enjoyed it every time.  Not only do they have a ton of teas to choose from. but they have elixirs and organic beer and wine too.

Most recently, I went in on a Monday night with my bf.  We both enjoyed the herbal iced tea of the day and we shared an order of the tempeh lettuce wraps, the daily soup inspiration, and the curry vermicelli rice noodle bowl.  It was just the right amount of food... it was tasty and light and all of the flavors went well together.  I've also enjoyed the macro platter on previous visits.  

We had great service from Carrie and Ali, and we heard that there is live music every Thursday night and that they may be starting a movie night sometime soon too.  Could be pretty cool!  Carrie informed us that 'mandala' means "circle" in sanskrit. There are beautiful magic mandala artwork throughout the restaurant.  When you look at them, you almost lose yourself in the intricate details in each one, and there is deep meaning behind them as well.  

I noticed that Mandala has a kids menu as well as some delicious looking desserts.  I hope to save room for those next visit!  I'm also looking forward to returning to the Mandala Apothecary nextdoor where they offer organic beauty boutique products and a holistic healing spa...
I've eaten here about 6 or 7 times.  It's always a pleasant and delicious experience.

I'm an on again, off again vegetarian and on Friday afternoon when my boyfriend told me he decided to become vegetarian, I couldn't have been more excited!  The crazy thing is that on Wednesday I had decided the same thing without telling him.  He always makes fun of me when I decide to go veggie.  BUT now with him doing it as well, it will be a breeze!  Now if only I could commit to being a raw foodist for longer than a month at a time... hmmmmm.....

On Saturday morning I said let's go to Mandala Tea Room to celebrate our first day of being vegetarians together.  So we did!  I ordered the blue corn pancakes with raspberries and a side of tempeh bacon.  He ordered the BLT.

Both dishes were scrumptious.  They accidentally brought him out a salad, so that nice for him.  He ate all my bacon, and then ordered another plate, and only gave me once piece from that order. ha!

The ginger iced tea of the day was refreshing.  My favorite is when they have a coconut iced tea.  

We debated between the tiramisu or the the blueberry/raspberry cake.  Our adorable waitress asked us if we wanted sinful or playful.  So we went playful with the blueberry/raspberry cake. 

It was also nice that they were playing our current favorite album, In Rainbows, by Radiohead.  A day hasn't gone by since we got the cd this fall that we haven't listened to it.  

This is one of those restaurants that I could eat at every single day and be super happy!
I was a vegetarian for 15 years, so I'm not afraid to enter a restaurant that is vegetarian or vegan.  My husband, however, is a different story.  He is not a fan of vegetables in general.  So I used my friend Brian's trip to Phoenix as an excuse to check out the place that I heard really great things about.

I ordered a tea with orange and licorice.  It was very yummy and I had a hard time choosing between all of the options.  I was very happy with the drink as well as the timer that accompanied it to insure that it was perfectly brewed.

The appetizer was so good it's hard to explain.  We ordered the crumpets which were pieces of perfectly toasted rosemary foccacia covered in 3 different spreads: white bean hummus, tomato and fennel, and garlic/artichoke.  

I went with the macrobiotic platter as my entree, and Brian ordered the Jerked Tempeh.  My meal was absolutely macrobiotic, which I have dabbled in from time to time, so I wasn't surprised at the lack of spices.  The only complaint was that there are too many beans.  There is no need for anyone to consume 2 cups of adzuki beans.  No one.  The platter was otherwise delicious.  Brian loved his Jerked Tempeh.

Then there were the desserts.  I'm always willing to try desserts, but Brian was a little more discriminatory.  He asked the waitress if she was a vegan, she answered that she was a vegetarian, to which Brian said "Good, I don't trust vegans telling me that vegan desserts are good."  I found this hilarious, but so true.  She assured us that the desserts did not taste like cardboard and talked us into the blueberry cake with tofu icing and the tiramisu.  

I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to tiramisu.  It's my favorite dessert, but again, I'm always willing to try dessert.  For a vegan dessert, it was phenomenal... rum flavored icing, super moist cake-y bottom.  But it is not anything like real tiramisu. 

The service was great.  Our waitress was super informative and extremely helpful.  She even knew the amount of time that it would take for our appetizers to be finished.

It's a little pricey, but it was very good.  I'll definitely be back.
Get your Buddha on!

100% vegetarian/vegan, all organic menu with friendly, happy people serving you...what more do you want?

Mandala is a cute little restaurant in the Scottsdale Arts District. It has a nice variety of menu items ranging from raw foods, macrobiotic, low-cal and high-energy options. Granted I just came here after yoga class so my chi was already happy but the food really was tasty.

I had the South sandwich that has a black bean and rice veggie patty with vegan mayo, tomato and lettuce. A small and yummy scoop of tabbouleh-style quinoa salad accompanied my order. To keep cool in heat, I opted for a sweet but tart hibiscus ice tea (caffeine free).

Mandala has both indoor and outdoor dining options and plenty of parking.

It's a nice place to go out to eat and have a healthy meal that does a body (and spirit) good.
I'm diggin this place. Cool atmosphere, soothing music, hipster waiters...ok, am i still in the Valley?!

My friend and i drove up to Scottsdale for the sole purpose of eating at this joint. We ordered the appitizer nachos with vegan sour cream and black beans. Pretty tasty. Instead of getting something cooked, I went for the raw entrees. I asked the server what the most popular dish was and he directed me to the burrito. The burrito was wrapped in iceberg lettuce and had a bean-like filling with guacamole and sprouts. sounds simple but the taste was crazy/delicious.

Its a little pricier than say Green or Veggie House but a great place for a late lunch/ early dinner! nothing was too heavy and I love the feeling of being satisfied but not stuffed. Try it at least once.
I really enjoyed my lunch here on a weekday a couple months ago.

The atmosphere was really relaxing; soft, interesting music playing, decorations were nice, seating was comfortable. The menu is definitely interesting; everything is vegan, organic, and lots of spelt-y things. I ordered the lettuce wraps, half tempeh and half "live" teriyaki. Both were really good, fresh and crunchy with good sauces. I also had some tea, can't remember which one, but they have a great selection, lots of different kinds. My friend had an "elixir" which was infused with herbs and oils to fight off a cold (she said it was good). The service was good and friendly. I can imagine if there were more people at the place it might be less enjoyable, since the draw was the relaxing quality of the restaurant (and the tea!). I'd definitely like to come back here again.
We went for brunch today and it was AWESOME. The place was quiet and calm and the waitstaff was friendly and efficient. Their vegan brunch was better than any other vegan brunch I've had, and we have some excellent restaurants in LA. 

This will become a regular place to dine when I visit Phoenix.
A little overpriced, but they are in south scottsdale.

I had the BLT and really enjoyed it. I would definitely eat here again. The decor is really awesome, as well.
Mandala is delicious and inspirational.  Every time I go I steal a menu to butcher their ideas in my home kitchen.  

If you like processed, chemical-laden food, laced with complacency opiates, then Mandala is not for you.  

It is the opposite of food-coma, it leaves you feeling refreshed and sated.  I have tried the teas, and they are delicious, but frankly, I concoct enough elixir style potions in my home apothecary to spend much on them while out.

The service is always great, and the servers have that sort of cutesy yellow-orange-green tinge to them that says "I juice a lot of carrots!".  Why I find that cute, I don't know, but it is sort of precious.  I think it reminds of this woods-wandering vegan I knew my freshman year in college who would play his guitar and munch on veggies and give you these insane massagey hugs that in ten-years-hindsight may have just been groping.

The collard-green wrap was freakin phenomenal - and raw style.  I would recommend leaning on your server for a very honest review of the soups.  Sometimes they are amazing, and sometimes they are...  very... healthy.  Generally though, serious deliciousness.  I'm all about super-healthy food that tastes amazing.  And the deserts are pretty awesome, too, but I don't really like sweet things, so I may not be a great source on that.

My one beef (haha, no veggie pun intended) with the place is the IKEA seating.  The booths are kinda.... eh.  For a spiritual - enlightened - organic place, I would rather have seen them use local artisans or something, instead of souless-swedish mass production.  Otherwise, the mandala paintings, and decor are very nice.  The bathroom is distinctive and clean, that's important to me.

I will always come back, and I hope they are wildly successful.  

Re: the prices - they are organic.  please check out this link if you have any question as to why that is better, albeit more pricey.

http://www.mandalatearoom.com/choose_organic.html

Delicious!  Three cheers!  4 stars!
I was invited to meet there for lunch recently for business. We ate outside on very uncomfortable metal chairs. The view was nice of the top of camelback, but that was the only bright spot for me that day.  I ordered the West veggie burger but they were out of the soy bacon. And I said that's fine, i don't need that, and then they said that they were out of another ingredient and suggested I order something else. That was fine. I settled on the ziti al forno. Then another waitress came out and told me that the ziti would take another 30 minutes to cook. And  I asked my business associate if that was ok. It was and so I said, no problem. Then like two minutes later my food was on my table. Hmmm...And this was about four ounces of ziti smothered in this  very cheezy (ricotta like) red sauce. The flavor was bland and the pasta was overcooked. It was almost a mushy consistency. The highlight of the dish was two small wedges of garlic bread and a sprinkling of chopped nuts on top. That gave it some much needed texture. All this for $14....YIKES! Since it was a tea room, I did order a tea and was surprised at the presentation. It was a small cafeteria-style glass. I think I would suggest to them to work on their presentation a little more. That was $3 but it could have gone up to $6 if I added two more tea leaf combos to it. My friend did order the soup of the day which sounded pretty good. 

I would probably go back there again to try some of the other food. This review is only based on one visit. I think it might be worth a second look. I'm hoping my next visit is a better one.
We finally happened upon this place the last day of our voyage to the desert, and after a fantastic brunch, we ate there again for supper! Why the 2 stars then, you ask? Read on, dear Yelpers, read on.

I mean it, after brunch, Mandala had me in their hip pocket. Good part of town, rather nice aesthetic, tasty looking menu to greet us. Things were looking good. We went for a Pesto Scramble Plate (with potatoes, toasted focaccia), The Waffle, and a side of tempeh bacon. The Pesto scramble was fantastic. A great balance...Not too much tofu...chocablock with spinach and tomatoes, and a perfect pesto. The focaccia was very good, and the potatoes were well seasoned, not too oily and nicely crisp. Large portions and piping hot. Love that. 

Waffles can be a risk, but this one was very nice. Cooked all the way through! Yay! Yes, it was a wait...but I would rather sit, wait, and then enjoy good food than be rushed a plate of under-done batter. A good texture...a bit dense, but not too much. The syrup was top grade, and matched well with the tempeh bacon, which would have been the best of my life if not for it being ICE cold. It was so anti-climactic. Yet, we did not let it spoil the experience...everything else was fantastic.

So, we come back for supper...and here is where our tale goes awry.
This time, we opted for the tostadas plate and the jerk tempeh. Considering the $14 (!) dollar pricetag for each entree, and the ample brunch, we were expecting more than enough to share between two adults and a toddler. The food arrived after, again, a long wait. But I was not thrilled when I saw the plates. My mums tostadas were rather sad...the nice, fresh-toasted and flavourful corn tortillas just looked so bare. A thin schmear of beans...a bit o' lettuce and tomatoe drizzled with a vegan sour cream...and some small sides of guacamole and salsa. It was all flavourful...there was just so little of it.

But the jerk tempeh plate was just a joke. It came on a HUGE platter, and there was a lot of bare ceramic in front of me. A small scoop of rice with a few sauteed peppers and pineapple chunks on the right and 4 thin slices from the smallest sweet potatoe you ever saw. The tempeh? Oh, yeah, 5 1-inch cubes mixed in the rice. I almost missed them...especially because I gave 4 1/2 of them to my nephew, since there was so little food. The half bite I had could, I suppose be called jerk tempeh...only because I felt like a jerk for ordering it. There was no spice, no flavour. Just sweetness from the pineapple and peppers...maybe a hint of allspice on the potatoes. I was so upset...were I not still quite sated from brunch, I would have been a downright beast at about this point. 

Nevertheless, I knew that I would be quite hungry later, so we got a piece of cake to take away. Then we waited for the bill. And asked. And waited. And waited. And watched the servers make VERY questionable serving decisions. And waited. And waited. Went to the toilet (seriously, go for this alone...there is an exhibit in there that will just leave you laughing...apples. candle. urinal.). And waited. And I went and cleaned our car while mum waited. And then, it reached the point where she had to yell to get their attention -again. It was ridiculous. As were the prices.

So, a very mixed review. Great breakfast. Criminal supper. Poor service. Good cake. 2 stars. Make of it what you will.
I had heard about Mandala from a friend, and Idecided to take some friends there to try it with me (they were both meat & pototoes type people but the wanted to try it).  

If you understand you are going to a Vegan restaurant, you'll really like it.  Before I moved here, I lived in Eugene, OR for 2 years, so it was a nice to find a restaurant like this here in the valley.  

Prices are a little high for comparable food at regular joints, but you pay for better food quality and fresh ingredients.  Service was very friendly, and the atmosphere was very relaxing.

I love tea, and the selection of hot tea was amazing.  My only gripe was that they were out of the tea I really wanted.

As for the food, it was light, fresh and delicious.  The three of us split the "nacho" appetizer, and it was a pleasant surprise.  It was loaded with fresh pico & guac and a ton of beans.  I ordered the East sandwich, and it was good.  Loaded with veggies.  The parsley salad that came with it was a bit over powering, but I don't think I've ever had parsley salad that wasn't... We had cake as well.  I had the blueberry lime.  It was moist and the two flavor profiles worked well together.

For me, I ate a ton - appetizers, entree and dessert, and I never really felt full like I would had I devoured a regular restaurant meal.

I'll definitely be back.  The hot tea, fresh food and a relaxing atmosphere were a great way to finish what was a long day at the office earlier.
this is certainly my favorite brunch spot in town.  a plethora of teas, tasty individual french presses of coffee, vegan cakes...
also a nice place to take grown-ups or people who take really good care of their bodies.
oooohh i'm teetering on a 5 star review...we'll see how that pans out. I arrived for dinner at MTR around 530PM yesterday and the place was full, with no indoor seating left. I sat outside, somewhat reluctantly because christ it is cold outside and i thought this was arizona and i would be hot all the time but i wish i had a fleece jumpsuit right now...

anyway. I went ahead and ordered the mandala masala, an indian inspired dinner with garbanzo beans, veggies and small-chopped potatoes over brown rice with a side of steamed spinach. The scents wafting out of the front door were just intoxicating, and when my dinner arrived it smelled equally as appetizing. The taste was on par, minus the dry flavorless brown rice that may have been a bit stale. I would say that $14 is a bit much for the size of the meal but on the whole I was satisfied. 

I ordered a piece of vegan chocolate raspberry cake for dessert and it was good enough to write a movie about. romantic comedy i mean. first off, it was huge and just...just...perfect...sigh. secondly, the frosting was that thick dense style, and it was the perfect frosting-to-cake ratio, with just that hint of raspberry glaze mixed in.  

well i couldn't talk this up to a 5 star rating, but I will eat as many slices of chocolate cake as it takes to get it there! (estimate: a whole cake)
This place is great.  I've hit it up a few times and really enjoyed my time here.  The food is really rich.  One sandwich will fill you up and you'll stayed filled up for quite some time without feeling like shit.

The service is really nice and they offer honest suggestions.  If they think something isn't so great, they'll tell you what they think is better.  I love that.  Usually, I feel like restaurant staff are obligated to tell you that every single food item and beverage has been kissed by angels and blessed by God.  Here, you'll get some honest input and end up with a dish filled with awesomeness.

Their iced teas are all great.  They're super refreshing.  I'm gonna hit this sucker up on the weekly when it gets to be frying-balls hot in Phoenix again.

I haven't had their beer yet.  Everytime I've gone it's been on my lunch break at work, so I'm hoping that they are fantastic.  I went to sit outside and some lady was like, "The only thing about sitting outside is that you can't drink beer out there."  I told her that was fine, I had to go back to work and she told me the beer was bomb.  We shall see.

If you're in the area and feel like eating healthy, Mandala Tearoom is a pretty good option.  Their sandwich called "The East," man... I want to make love to it.
Vegan coconut cake...are you kidding me? Moist, crunchy toasted coconut shavings, thick creamy coconut frosting...I just shed a tear. Mandala Tea Room is such a delight! I am forever a slave to their desserts and teas.
Wonderful tea, comfy seating, and great food!

FOOD
This was my first fully vegan restaurant experience. It was wonderful!!
I always wondered what a BLT without real "B" tastes like. I must say it was the best BLT I've ever had, including those with bacon. I don't know how they did it! The strawberry smooth was also divine.

ENVIRONMENT
The ambiance/atmosphere has a very modern, new age feel. The main dining room isn't huge but the seating included  tables and some long couch-like benches- great for my daughter to stretch out on when she was done eating. The front of the restaurant is completely open allowing for an open air atmosphere- very nice!

OTHER
Big parties may want to call ahead. And sadly, they are only open unitl 6pm on Sundays... 
They were very accomodating to my daughter's peanut allergy and they washed all containers for food prep just for her.

Highly recommended even if you aren't vegan!
Had dinner and brunch, not on the same day...the dinner was good, although I thought the mandala masala could have used more flavor.  Brunch was great, tried 2 different tofu scrambles and both were very good.  Service is...let's say uninterested -- it's hard to be burdened with angst and chipper.
I visited Mandala Tea Room for the first time earlier this week with some other lovely female Yelpers after an intense workout class at Karve. It is a cute space in Old Town, but I didn't get to see much of the inside as we sat outside due to the size of our group and the availability of tables inside.

Due to a large party inside and the fact that the reservation made earlier in the day for our party had not made it onto the books, our dining experience at Mandala took much longer than any of us anticipated. Our waitress was sweet and definitely tried to make up for the "lost" reservation and the extremely lengthy wait for our food (approximately a one hour wait) - we got some free cake to tide us over - but I thought she was also a bit flighty and perhaps a bit flustered. By the time we left, those of us that arrived at the restaurant first had been there for almost two hours.

I had the basil pesto penne pasta as my dinner and it was delicious. The pasta was cooked well and the pesto was not overpowering and not as oily as many pestos can be. I could have done without the side salad the dish came with - it was unncessary and took space where I could have had more pasta! For $14, I left full and pleased with the dish.

Right now, I will give Mandala three stars, but plan to return on a (hopefully) less crowded night so I can sit inside and try some other items on the menu.
I need to go to more places like this...the mushroom portobello sandwich I ordered was awesome and seemed healthy (called EAST on the menu).  My only complaint about the food was the Focaicca bread seemed slightly stale - I hate that.
The night we went they were swamped so the service wasn't smooth (they forgot our reservations!!)...but grateful that the waitress recommended that sandwich!

Love the location in Old Town Scottsdale
For that day when you want to eat healthy and are feeling a little adventurous, head over to Mandala Tea Room for lunch.
It's not crowded, and the servers are attentive and fun.
My meal at the vegan eatery was a "raw pad thai salad." Sounds odd, tastes great!
My friend raved about the "b" l t.
Enjoy your "adventure."
Just went here today. 

Really good food. 
I had the Penne Pasta with the House Marinara sauce. With the salad i got the citrus miso dressing, and it was delicious! the pasta was really good to along with the garlic bread. 

here's a description: 
(organic whole wheat Italian pasta sautéed with your choice of sauce: 
chipotle crème - spicy tofu cream sauce topped with cilantro + salsa fresca 
house marinara - organic roasted tomatoes + garlic - topped w/ vegan nut parm 
basil pesto - basil, pine nuts, garlic + olive oil 
Served with garlic toast + side of mixed greens) 

My dad got the west sandwich which is like a BLT. My mom and i had a bite of it and it is Delicious also. Tastes just like a BLT. 

My mom likes the live teriyaki lettuce wraps which is under the raw foods section. I personally didn't like it but her and my dad both loved it. 

My dad also got a 50/50 to split with me. It was the tempeh lettuce wraps and the teriyaki. Since i've already said what i think of the teriyaki, the tempeh i didn't like that much either. My parents didn't like that one that much either. They like the teriyaki. 

Anyhow, on their website you can print out a coupon for a free tea for your first time going there. My dad and i had not been there before but my mom had been with her sisters. So we each got our own. He got the orange-peach ginger tea, which is hot, and it was really good, a little strong but on the good side. I got some raspberry tea which was iced and it was good, nothing exciting. I also got a lemonade which was delicious. My mom got a banana-mango smoothie which she liked too. 

Their desserts vary since they try to get fresh ingredients all the time. You can get a raw dessert or non-raw desert. If they have any. Luckily they had a raw berry like pie. It was really good. 

This seems like a long review, but i hope my input helps. 

heres their website.... 

http://www.mandalatearoom.com/urban_teahouse.html
i'm so sad this place closed! :(
This is an awesome place, kind of in the back woods of Las Vegas' "China"town. I went to Veggie Delight because I was hungry for boba (because I'm Asian), but continue going there because its so yummy and healthy.

The hole-in-the-wall restaurant is owned and operated by a couple of Chinese Buddhists. The menu is 100% vegetarian. They have French-style sammiches, dumplings, spring rolls. They use tofu and meat-like substitutes. My vegetarian aunty sometimes complains that the meat substitute is "too meat-like." Is that a bad thing?

Half my family are vegetarians or pseudo-vegetarians in search of good friendly restaurants.


* off the strip, non-casino
After walking around the entire "chinatown" plaza in Las Vegas in search of a nail shop while waiting for my boyfriend to finish his optometrist appointment in 103 degrees, I was in need of a refreshment.  Walking into Veggie Delight (probably looking like a mad woman, sweating and huffing and puffing), I went up to the lady and asked for a large green tea and if they accepted plastic.  She was very nice and said that they did accept and promptly grabbed me my drink I ordered.  Even though I didnt order any food, the food looked pretty appealing.  Anyhow, the tea was great and she had made it exactly how i wanted... iced green tea with just a little amount of sugar. (i hate the oversweet green tea that most tapioca places make.. i mean, is tea supposed to be THAT sweet?!).  Well, the service here was good and the ice cold tea saved me in the blistering heat weather.  After taking the first sip, my overheated body felt quite normal again.
My wife and I have been wanting to try Veggie Delight ever since they replaced "Chicken Quick!".  For some reason we waited more than 5 months to do it, and when we did, we regret not coming here any sooner!

I grew up in Taiwan, and while I am not a vegetarian, I enjoyed the vegetarian dishes a lot.  Most people here think vegetarian = salad, but not so in most Asian countries.

One of the things I missed most is the "imitation meat" products.  I know that sounds questionable at best, but it's just really various soy-based products, sometimes mixed with flour, to produce a meat-like texture.  Take their Vietnamese Vegetarian Lemon Grass Beef Rice Noodle for example, if you weren't told that there's no meat in that dish, you probably would not notice the "beef" you are eating is actually made with soy, and marinated in lemon grass sauce.  This cold noodles dish will definitely freshen you up in the hot desert weather.

My wife liked the Vegetarian Beef Noodle Soup, this is a Chinese style noodle soup that we are both familiar with, and she liked it a lot.  The soy-based soup base tasted surprisingly flavorful and complex without any meat in it.

Eating here is especially fun for someone who is already familiar with the "regular" Asian cuisines, and see the kind of twists they put on each dish to turn it into a completely vegetarian or vegan dish (if you want vegan, you need to tell them in advance when you order).  One of such dish is the Vegetarian Basil Leaf Chicken, commonly known as "Three Cup Chicken" on most Chinese restaurant menus.  Their version of the dish, other than replacing the chicken meat with soy-product (which tastes just as delicious in my opinion), is to put it in a bed of spring mix.  A bold move, and surprisingly tasty.  They effectively turned this into a warm salad dish!

This is a very small restaurant, with the capacity of about 10 people at most at a time.  Don't let the "Veggie" portion scare you away, the food is definitely good eats.  And if you are into it, it's healthy too! (But I only care about taste)
This is tucked away in the Chinatown shopping complex, don't blink because you might miss the restaurant!

I came here for lunch - I had the vegan chicken Vietnamese sandwich, and ordered the Tofu Nugget appetizer dish in a flavorful soy sauce to accompany it. Both were really good - on the sandwich, the bread was fresh although not as toasty crusty as I usually like. The tofu cubes were pretty darn firm and enjoyable.

Their menu is extensive with both Asian dishes and some sushi.

Cute restaurant, super nice staff, good food!
Excellent!  I had a Boba drink, tried seaweed and had a soup with mock duck.  Delicious.  I think I'm leaning towards being a vegetarian.  However, that would mean no more carne asada from ghetto roach coaches.
My parents and I were walking around Chinatown when we stumbled upon this tiny restaraunt and it was delicious.  The prices were very low...where else can you find a yummy veggie sandwich for under $4.50.  My entire family are vegetarians so we ordered a few different dishes and sandwiches to share.  My favorite sandwiches are the egg and ham sandwich and the crispy chicken sandwich.  The pork shred handrolls are delicious with the crispy pork shred.  Dad order a beef noodle soup and said it was good but not great. 

Were not from the area, so whenever im in Vegas without my family, I'll pick up a few sandwiches to bring home for them.

Although I do speak Mandarin, whenever, I go without my parents, I'll speak English to the ladies, it's just more comfortable for me that way, and they haven't yet messed up my order.
The food here is very bland, nothing special. But it'll have to do as there aren't very many veggie places in Vegas (as expected).
The pork skin spring roll, the fish steak, any of the sanwiches...just to name these few. Anytime I'm in Vegas I visit this little place. I've eaten here more than once in one day even. perhaps a bit of an overload, but i want to get my fix before I leave. I did have a bland soup once. That's okay though, just mix something else in it to give it a punch. 

A must when I visit Vegas!
Veggie Delight isn't much to look at, but they have great vegetarian food.  The decor inside is quite spartan, and we were the only patrons, but I didn't let that deter us.

I had a delicious "pork chop" sandwich on a soft roll with a spicy carrot relish-like mix inside and washed it down with a refreshing coconut milk tea.  Jeeze, it was good!  I also sampled a little of my husband's vegetable and tofu dish, which was really yummy too.

If you're looking for some fresh & tasty veggie food, check this out.
if you aren't quite sure what "hole in the wall" refers to, this place is a perfect example. the vegan- vegetarian menu is unique from any other in vegas, the staff (mostly asian grannies) are very friendly but don't speak good english but that ok.. 
this place is for adventurous people, its not very fancy inside but the food and service is worth the price which is reasonable cheap.  i hope they stay open for a long time.
Mock shrimp rolls are good and their version of pho and banh mi.  it's not really comfortable seating but, for the price it'll do in a pinch.
Amazing! Our favorate place! I highly reccomend the egg hand roll and Taro Slushie with Boba! This place is yummy, everything is good and the price is so reasonable.
Yummy to the tummy!!! This is such an awesome place!!! Come... my fellow vegetarians/vegans... I strongly suggest the "lemon grass beef" (of course it's not beef...that's just the name...). Some of the portions can be a little skimp, but you just have to know what to order. Reguardless, it is delicious!!!
because of the blenders in such a small place and my small daughter (she just turned a year) I prefer to do carry out now...but the food and service here are always 100%. They are all always extremely friendly, my husband and i have been going there for years...i just wish they were in a bigger place so we would feel more comfortable with my daughter.
This place got pretty good reviews so I decided to try it when I was in Vegas recently. The menu was pretty cool separating vegetarian from vegan and they even included some pictures. I ordered the vegan pork chops with veggies. It looked nothing like the  picture at all.  I got a plate full up half frozen pea's and carrots in a watery sauce with some fake meat on top. It was not pleasant.  The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the people are very nice and the fried tofu appetizer was just okay.
Delicious fresh fruit smoothies and veggie food too.
I'm not vegan, but I play one on TV ... j/k ... seriously though, I am not vegan but my daughter is. I tend to review a lot of vegetarian and vegan places because I'm always impressed with the deliciousness of the food.

That being said, I don't think my vegan daughter could have been more excited while reading the menu here. OMG, she squeals, "Please note that Veggie Delight is a strict vegetarian restaurant. We do not serve any meat or seafood items all menu items are made with soy or gluten products only."

She ordered a Lychee slush that was delicious. We ordered the Veggie Shrimp hand roll Vietnamese style - fantastic! They made them vegan for us and even the meat eater among us (me) loved them.  

My normal favorite item to order at the Pho place in Reno is the BBQ Pork with noodles so I ordered the vegetarian pork skin rice noodles here. It was really very good. I missed my hoisin sauce (or whatever it is called) and the rooster hot sauce, but they served it with a spicy hot sauce that was great. The 'pork skin' was very much like thin shreds of bacon bits (a LOT more tasty than some fake shaker bacon bits I've had too). It wasn't pork and I didn't expect it to taste porky, therefore it was very very good.

My daugher and her boyfriend both had the Vegan crispy sandwich and loved it. They picked it apart a little, trying to figure out what it was made from and how they might reproduce the same at home.

They had been told "there are not many vegan options in Vegas" and were concerned. After having found this place on their first night in town, they're no longer worried. All and all it was really very good.
Located a little ways off the strip in chinatown, this place is a gem for vegans who love cheap, Asian food. The staff is extremely pleasant and the food is excellent. The hand rolls and sandwiches are highly recommended (especially the crispy chicken for the latter.) Oh also, credit cards are accepted but there is a $2 fee.  I kinda hate paying those, as they're totally not allowed by visa/mc, but do you really want to call them out on it and get your food spit in ha?
I love vegetarian/vegan restaurants. There certainly aren't enough of them in Vegas. When I heard about Veggie Delight, it sounded just like Vegetarian Wok in LA, so I couldn't have been more excited to visit. I'm very disappointed to give the restaurant just two stars, but bad service easily rubs this hospitality student the wrong way.

The food is great. It's delicious, attractive, and the portion sizes are good. However, the service totally sucks. The door was propped open, so I spent my lunch bundled up in my coat (it was 50 degrees outside--and in.) We didn't wait very long to order, but it did take a while for food to arrive. We ordered drinks and entrees at the same time. One person's entree, drink and my drink arrived in 15 minutes. Five minutes later, the third person's drink (water!) and entree arrived. Five minutes after that, my entree arrived. I don't know why they didn't bring the drinks out first, and the entrees together, but it's not fun to be the person awkwardly eating by oneself or watching one's food get cold to avoid offending other people at the table who are still waiting.

The paper (takeout) menu says sandwiches come with chips, but when we asked, we were told it was only during certain hours. This is not noted anywhere on the menu and I can not believe they refused to spare a fifty cent bag of chips to make a customer happy. My entree was supposed to come with a "fresh vegetable" (noted on both the paper and in-restaurant menus) but I did not get that, either. I guess that's only during certain hours, too?

Overall, the food is good, but not enough to overcome the lack of service.
I've been wanting to try Veggie Delight for a while, but when I think of getting Thai, we usually go back to our favorite Pin Kaow. A friend, who is not vegetarian has been urging me to check it out, so we finally made a plan to go visit this spot. Veggie Delight is in one of the many busy and crowded shopping centers in China Town. If I wasn't with a friend who had gone there before, I don't think I would have ever found the place. It was very clean inside, and the menu was very easy to navigate, and had many pictures that made the food look good. The menu is littered with entrees and sandwiches with fake meat. While I don't typically have a problem with fake meat, I was a little worried about this place because there are a lot of fake meat options. With dozens of options on the table, I decided to go with one that I used to get when I was still eating meat, the sweet and sour pork. The food did take a long time to come as other reviewers mentioned, and my food arrived 10 minutes before my friend's food arrived. The portion size was a bit small compared to other Thai/Chinese places I have been, but the food was good. The fake meat had a good texture and seasoning. While it didn't taste a lot like pork, it had a "bacony" hint to it. My friend had a chicken dish, and I was very impressed with the fake chicken. When I go back to Veggie Delight, I will definitely get a dish with the "chicken". The restaurant also offers many different types of drinks, which would also be very exciting to try. I hope to try them soon. When we were there they only took cash, which for being in Vegas is a huge problem. Before I settle on the 3 stars, I want to try again and see if they can bump me up to 4.
Veggie Delight offers vegan menu options, but they all cost a dollar extra than the vegetarian dishes. Why? In all other Buddhist vegetarian restaurants I've visited, most of the dishes are already vegan by virtue of being prepared in the 'pure vegetarian' Buddhist style, which eschews eggs and dairy. It seems mean and frankly kind of suspicious to be charging vegans extra for every single dish- just make everything (or the majority of the menu) vegan, as it probably is already, and charge everyone the same damn price. 

The food did not blow me away, and while it was filling, was certainly nowhere near the quantity I expected for the (special vegan) price we paid. I would like to try it again sometime, but I don't know if I can justify the extra dollar for something that is probably the exact same dish at a higher price.
This is one of the places that makes me wish yelp gave half stars- because this one was really on the fence. The food was very good, but the service really knocked it down a star. I feel bad saying that because the lady was really nice, but there was no real "flow" to how my meal was ordered or served. As others mentioned as well, the language barrier was difficult to overcome, but I did end up getting everything I asked for. I ordered a lunch special that came with a sandwich, soup and tea for $4.99. Sounded like a great deal! I also got an order of the hand rolls to take on the road with me, as I was about to trek back to Phoenix after eating. First, my sandwich came out, which I ate quickly as I was extremely hungry. I thought to myself "gee, maybe I shouldn't have gotten those hand rolls. I'm pretty full now..." Then, they came out. I forced myself to eat one because I wanted to try them, and they were very tasty. At this point, I figured she must have forgotten my soup so I asked for a to-go box for my remaining hand rolls. A few minutes later, my soup came out. It looked beautiful- carrots, broccoli, and cabbage in a clear broth. I devoured it, knowing I could use the nutrients after a weekend in Vegas. I was stuffed, but satisfied. I waited awhile for my check which never came, so I just ended up walking up to the counter to ring up. Somehow my meal ended up at $17 even though the lunch special was supposed to be $4.99 and the handrolls were $5.50, but I didn't feel like getting into it. I will agree with some previous reviewers that the whole up-charge for vegan items is pretty bogus. I seriously doubt that they have two batches of every kind of mock-meat, one vegan and one not. My gut tells me it's all the same. Also, the charge to pay with a credit card is pretty lame too. Again, this place was on the fence between getting three or four stars. They'll get four because the food was really good. I just hope they get a better "flow" to the whole dining experience there.
This place is a MUST for vegetarians. (Every meat eater I've taken there has raved about it too!) Tons of options. Some favorites: Basil Leaf Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork, and the Spicy Chicken sandwich. The fruit slushes are amazing! (I recommend watermelon, lychee, or passion fruit.) I can't help but go once a week for lunch.

It's a small, sort of hole in the wall restaurant in Chinatown, but clean, with quality food. There is a fee if you pay with a credit card, so make sure to bring cash.
It's hard finding vegan restaurants in towns you know nothing about.  Luckily yelp came to the rescue.  The food was amazing.  I ordered the roast beef rolls which came out immediately and the duck soup which showed up right as I took the last bite of the rolls.  The two women working in there were extremely friendly.  The only thing I didn't understand is why it costs an extra dollar to make each meal vegan.  

If you are vegan/vegetarian or just love eating new things I would say to check this place out.
My loving and amazing boyfriend decided to take me here yesterday and wow am I glad he did. There are not enough veg*n options here in Vegas so I'm happy in general that a place like this exists. 

Walking in, the place is tiny. Like, ridiculously tiny. Very hole-in-the-wall, but don't let it turn you off, the food is worth it. When we came in we were handed some menus and literally everything is vegetarian. They have faux-meat things that I didn't think you could faux, like duck, pork, and shrimp. Fascinating. I decided against being too adventurous (even as a meat-eater I stayed away from the three I mentioned) and ordered the vegetarian beef with gravy that came with rice and vegetables, and a sour apple slush. My partner in vegetarianism for the evening chose a curry dish, pork skin hand rolls, and a passion fruit slush. 

The slushes came out quickly and they were delicious. I will definitely come back for these again as a large is $3.50 and will be great on hot summer days. The plate of meat and veggies was HUGE, but lacking slightly. I would have liked to see more actual veggies and less filler. The amount of meat was decent enough though, and I was definitely full afterward. The boyfriend said he liked his meal as well, but even though his curry bowl was huge there was more liquid than produce in it. I would like to see better portions of the good stuff since the price was a little high. 

The food is delicious, and the portion sizes are big just a little more expensive than I would have liked, but still decent. And something I have come to find out more and more is to bring cash to Chinatown because 95% of the restaurants around are cash-only. Otherwise I am sure to come back here and try some more veg*n food!
I'm would actually give Veggie Delight just two stars, but I think the taste of the food bumps it up just a bit.  There aren't many restaurants in Las Vegas that are solely dedicated to serving vegetarian/vegan options.  So, I will be back - but they could honestly work on a few things.

I was going to try to call in my order, because I don't live very close by and I was going to be taking my two year old niece with me.  I didn't want to have to place my order and have to wait with my niece in tote.  

Anyhow, I called twice in a 15 minute time period, only to have the phone ring and receive a message that the voicemail system was not set up.  I didn't know if the place would even still be open - I thought that it may have possibly went out of business recently, since no one was answering the phone.

I decided to venture out anyway and if they were closed, I would just have to find an alternative.  When we got there, there was a group of three dining and their food looked delicious.  So, I was excited to give it a try.  The place is very dingy inside though.  It truly is a hole in the wall restaurant, but I always worry about the actually cleanliness of the kitchen when a place looks that run down.  (could just be the lighting and linoleum!)

The service was horrible.  When I walked in, the woman behind the counter immediately asked me what I wanted.  I politely told her that I would like to look at a menu briefly, because it was my first time there.  i was actually a bit confused, because there were so many "meat" options on the menu and I wasn't sure if the dish was actually served with real meat or if it was a meat substitute.  I'm not huge on meat substitutes.  I find that there are usually too many additives and sodium so I try to opt for something else.  I was very curious, however, and I really wanted to ask questions about the menu, but the woman was concentrating on balancing receipts and never looked up to help me.  I literally stood at the counter waiting right in front of her for two minutes before she looked up.

We ordered the Lemon Grass "Beef" and the Tofu with Mixed Vegetables.  i asked for both entrees to be vegan, which you have to pay a dollar extra for.  For the life of me, i don't understand why I had to pay a dollar more to make Tofu with Mixed Vegetables vegan.

We also ordered Watermelon and Lychee slushes. They were delicious and I slurped my down on the way home.  My niece really liked the Tofu and vegetables.  She thought it tasted like chicken.  

I'm actually a very good, creative cook - but I also love dining out and love to see what places have to offer. I was disappointed, because I was really going to Veggie Delight to have a restaurant experience (even though I was ordering out. - anywhere else I order out, people at least smile and ask me if I have any questions about the menu!)  I could have made everything that I ordered myself.  

I'll be back I'm sure...but hopefully, next time someone else will be working the counter!
This place is totally veggie, so I won't run through my usual spiel listing the few things you can get veganized!  But  here are the things you absolutely need to know:

1.  It's mostly really good stuff, but not the best ever. Very heavy on the faux meats.  I like the vegan crispy chick'n banh mi quite a bit.
2.  Expect to pay $1 extra for having any dish made vegan instead of vegetarian. Not sure what's up with that, but must be fake meat w/ egg whites vs. vegan ones?
3.  Order more than one thing if you get a sandwich (sandwiches are very small!)
4.  Be VERY clear with your server that you want your food vegan, your drinks made w/ soymilk, etc.  (sometimes there is a bit of a language barrier)
5.  Get the banana-coffee-soymilk-slush thing.  It is SOOOO good.  Ok, I'm changing my rating to 4 stars just based on that drink.  It's that good.
6.  One last thing - they take cards, but there is a fee, so you might wanna bring cash.
Delicious Vegan and Veggie options,  while dining with several friends it has always been a pleasant experience, despite the small awkward location.  

The "pork" skin rolls are a must have, along with a Vegan almond boba slush.  For something more substantial, we like the spicy tofu with vegetables, request the brown rice it's hearty, and compliments the dish nicely.  

The service is friendly, except they are so tight with the napkins it drives me crazy! 

Another fun fact is that they play the same soothing chant on repeat daily, not once have I dined without that song playing!  The decor is hilarious, yet charming.  I like to get it as take out before work, but the "pork" skin rolls are best eaten fresh, more crunch!
Lychee Slushie Boba. Extra Boba and Lychee Jelly. My standard mantra as I enter Veggie Delight.

One of the only purely vegetarian establishments in Las Vegas, Veggie Delight is the savior of our weekly "what do we eat tonight?" predicament. Their Vietnamese sandwiches (pork chop, crispy chicken and spicy chicken) are amazing. They come in soft french bread and have mayo (or vegenaise), soy meat (trust me, it's good here) and a little pickled salad of sorts with cucumber, cilantro and carrots on it. It's a very filling and satisfying sandwich. They've started to offer their sandwiches as part of a lunch special. About 5 bucks for a sandwich, soup and hot/cold tea. Very very reasonable. 

Yes, this is not a ritzy place. It's actually very far from that. The staff here is seriously challenged with grasping the English Language and the menu ...not at all appetizing. But voila....the food they come up with is amazing, consistent and very satiating. Service is efficient (remember the language barrier but pointing to pictures on the menu helps lots).

Our favorites are the following:

Vietnamese Faux Crispy Chicken/Pork Chop/Spicy Chicken Sandwiches

Basil Faux Chicken

Taiwanese Faux Beef Noodle Soup

Faux Pork Skin Hand Rolls

Faux Spicy Chicken. 

All in all, this is a great everyday meal solution. Not too heavy, expensive or pretentious. And of course, their Lychee Boba is to die for. Remember to order it the way I do (See above).
I've been craving some gluten based Chinese/Viet food for a minute I decided to check this place out before paying my tailor a visit in the area. 

I decided on the "crispy chicken" banh mi, spicy chicken w/ veggies which arrived with a side of soup and rice. Picked up a mango boba slush which was pretty good, probably the best thing I had there. The banh mi lacked flavor as well as skimped on the insides, something I've seen so many banh mi spots do out here in LV. The spicy chicken entree fared a lil better, little bite sized chunks of fried faux chicken with cabbage and a variety of veggies, came in a distant second after my boba drink.

The overall food at Veggie Delight is average and slightly over priced, but considering that they are one of the only games in town maybe it justifies their prices. I'd return for the drinks and maybe give their food another shot (I'd like to try their spring rolls next time) but not before trying out the handful of other Chinese veggie spots in town.
I crave their Veggie Black Pepper Steaks! Faux Meat texture is amazing, even to my carnivore friend who ate with me.

In a cool part of vegas, less then 10 minutes from the strip in Chinatown!

Here is a list of what I have tried here;

*Appetizers:
SQUID WITH SPECIAL SAUCE 
 (Pretty yummy but the squid is little plain)

CRUNCH & SPICY CUCUMBER
 (Great sauce! Complimentary to munch on with other dishes)

*Main Dishes:
BLACK PEPPER BEEF STEAK WITH SPECIAL SAUCE
(The BEST! Sauce is amazing, and vegan steaks are perfect! perfect consistency and taste almost like a desert, kind of a small portion though)

MUSHROOM CHICKEN
(good, but was a little heavy on the salt)

SWEET & SOUR PORK STIR FRY
(yum! great vegi porks are great and sauce is so good)

*Drinks:
COCONUT SOY MILK TEA
(tastes like cinnamon french toast amazing!)

MANGO GREEN ICED TEA
(very sweet)

PASSION FRUIT GREEN ICED TEA
(sweet)

I love this place and will continue to visit every time I find myself in Las Vegas, great food and fulfilling, great meal to have to recharge yourself in this crazy town)

:) Remember its cash only..
Nice..um...'decor'. Totally feels like a whole in the wall kind of establishment...wait a second...IT IS A WHOLE IN THE WALL KIND OF ESTABLISHMENT!!

Yeah nothing too fancy, not a lot of seating so order to go or decide who your best friends are and leave the other suckers at home.

Their Cash Only sign LIES!!! at the end of our little meal my friend and i freaked out cause none of us had cash that day but they took debit card so that sign LIES!!!

Food was interesting I has the Bamboo Duck soup and it tasted almost close to real bamboo duck soup cept it lacked the body that you get from boiling duck bones and rehydrated bamboo shoots. 

Kind of ironic how the direct translation in Vietnamese for going vegetarian is 'eating bland' where as going back to meat is 'eating salty' The bamboo duck coup was exactly that bland. My personal taste to everything must be either heavily seasoned or a bit on the high blood pressure inducing side and to me this soup was about five shades on the bland side. Now when i say bland i dont mean it lacks flavor it had a bit of flavor from bamboo but lacked the salty and savory punch you only get some fish sauce. Oh and they dont use fish sauce here so dont expect none...

The bamboo shoots that were in the soup were obviously canned and too little. The mock-duck "meat" had that taste of duck but it didnt last too long, texture was okay and there was also way too little of it. There was preserved pickled mustard but again so little that it was more of a tease then a garnish or an addition to the dish. Personally i wouldnt order this again and most likely wouldnt order any of the soups again.

Why? Well for one i'm Viet and i know what these dishes are suppose to taste like to the point where i can try to recreate something with about 75% accuracy if i try it at home. Two in most Viet broths you need animal bones to get flavor, body, and aroma to soups these kinds of ingredients this place obviously cant use. and Three i'm not a vegetarian nor am i trying to be vegetarian i'm just curious to see how skillful this place is in mimicking tofu or mushrooms to resemble meat. Lastly Five, the backbone to most Vietnamese dishes is FISH SAUCE, we'll power our scooters with it and feed our babies with it if we could. This place doesnt use any and could give me an alternative so regardless of how close they can get something to taste like meat it's always going to be lacking that fish sauce.

The tofu nuggets were complete different. pretty much sliced up tofu served in a sauce that's suppose to mimic a fish sauce caramalization reduction. It had the look and the color but wasnt thick or had that flavor but was good regardless. The tofu was also quite interesting. Between the two commercially known types of tofu (talkin bout silken and firm) this was a type i've never tried before, it was firm yet tender, and had a little play to it. It was close to meat kind of. Sort of like vietnamese fish paste that's been fried (oh gods how i miss fish paste that isnt pre cooked or formed into the shape of a tube...)

Anyway If i'm in the general area i'll come back and give something else a try but it's very not likely i'm going to go out of my way to eat here. There's plenty of alternatives for omnivores out there.
I was thinking of giving it 5 stars but the soup we had was just OK.  I do have to say, their Lemongrass Beef is to die for.  Even their Crispy Fried Chicken was good too.  I haven't been much of a Pho fan, but what they serve is pretty good.  The broth was scrumptious but the beef was somewhat bland.  For a vegetarian/vegan place, we will definitely come back.  Next time, we will try their hand rolls and other sandwich offerings.  Skip the soup if you want tasty fake meats.  We might even try their bobas,  slushies, and milk teas next time.
For Boba, Veggie Delight is a winner! 

It was HOT HOT HOT and I was in Chinatown, craving Boba when lo and behold, I see the sign with its proud boba cup pulling me in with its hypnotic power. 

I ordered their Thai Tea Boba and it was simply divine and deep with flavor. I ordered a taro for my traveling chica and she enjoyed hers as well. 

I was so happy the drinks did not separate into layers. They stayed nice and uniform lasting all the way from the shop, to the car rental place to return the car, wink at sexy eye candy, and then to the hotel. 

And it was cheap too! FTW!
I have to say, their Ban Mi sandwiches are just awesome.  We went there again and ordered our sandwiches and also ordered the Pork Skin Hand Roll.  I just don't get where they acquire the fake meats.  They are so tasty and cooked well.  I loved the hand roll and all their sandwiches.  As I said, it is a hole in a wall.  We were unfortunate enough to sit by the wall.  I wish we didn't because we saw the crazy things on the wall.  I mean, don't they clean up after some splashes their food on the wall?  I also don't understand why the servers don't bring the checks when you are done eating and why on earth would they eat where their customers dine?  Even with my gripes about the place and the weird habits of the servers, the food is still amazing.  We rarely go out of our neighborhood to dine out, but we didn't mind going back to this place for their food.  That tells you a lot about their tasty meat alternatives.
I seriously don't understand the five star reviews. My food was about as bland as it gets. Its Vietnamese...the spices and herbs they normally use add terrific flavor. My meal here had none. Now, Jeff's on the other hand tasted like they dumped an entire shaker of salt on it. Ummmm, salt on Vietnamese?? Anyway, I'm here for the weekend and its the closest vegan joint, so I'll likely be back. I'll order the spring rolls...those, I liked. Sorry, but Vegas and vegans are not a good mix!
The peppered steak sandwich wasn't what I thought it to be, but it was good. A smaller portion then expected, although, the mixed veggie w/ egg and hot sauce hand rolls were divine!
Being that my boyfriend is a vegetarian, this is a restaurant we can enjoy together.  The food is absolutely delicious and we love their slush!  We will always be loyal customers but their customer service is a little awkward (language barrier) and the only reason they are not a 5 star.
I lOVE the crispy chicken sandwich served here! so good!! 
I tried the pho, but wasn't a big fan of it.
The watermelon juice is really good too!
There is no decor, but the food is pretty good for a veggie place
I had dumplings and the Vietnamese style veggie pork skin rice noodle salad. Both were vegan. Both were tasty! The noodle salad was full of surprises. It was a nice mix of veggies, noodles and sauce.
we're talking hole in the wall here. as in, if you weren't specifically on a quest for some irrefutably tasty goodness, you'd miss it. but, thanks to my dog-with-a-bone attitude toward food, the mister and me ended up here for lunch before heading home from vegas last week. 

all the happy eating sounds that had been missing earlier in our gastronomical excursions over the weekend? well, let's just say they came out with a vengeance here. good thing i'm long past being too shy to eat in front of the mister, as i was in full on devour mode, and the food here fully warranted it. 

the mister ordered a strawberry mango slushie, the veggie egg roll and the tofu with spicy veggies, whilst i selected the spicy cucumber appetizer and the vegan version of the tofu with spicy veggies. as soon as that plate of lovely light green cucumber chunks came out, swimming in that gorgeously red, intensely, irresistibly hot sauce, we both knew we were in for a treat. everything was exceptional, and they even brought us out more of that delectable sauce. 

all in all, a huge delight (and a huge relief, as the mister had, not 20 minutes earlier, been almost been lured by the faux chinese fast food lying, ready made, in vats, at caesar's...). thank you to the woman behind the counter at ronald's donuts who recommended veggie delight! 

i cannot emphasize enough how tasty everything was! if i lived in vegas, THIS would be my go to place.
Day 19 of vegetarian month...why didn't I come here EARLIER?? This place is awesome! Yeah yeah its a hole in the wall but what vegetarian/vegan can say no to a menu like this? 

After going through all the awesome Yelper reviews/recommendations I got a take out order of: 

Vegetarian pork skin rolls: I probably would've believed these were actually crispy pork skins if no one had told me. Great appetizer that was tasty but light. 

Vegetarian Black Pepper Beef Steak with Special sauce: This was great. The consistency of the protein was as close to beef as I've had at a vegetarian joint and the sauce was great. 

Vegetarian Fish Steak with Mixed Vegetables: They shaped the protein like mini filets of sea bass with black skin etc but it was still tofu in the end. Not bad but the "beef" was way better. Sauce was sweet which I wasn't so into either. 

I'm curious to see how they do shrimp and pork chops so that'll be what we go for next time. We'll certainly be back before Jan end since I am running out of home vegetarian recipes that are satisfying haha.
I love the sandwiches but this place has THE slowest service ever. That's all I can say about it. I've been there a few times but I'm not patient enough to return.
Ok, Let me start off by saying I'm not a Vegan or Vegetarian.  The food is pretty good and I'd probably eat there again.  I haven't been writing reviews lately but I thought I should share a bad experience.

I've only been to the place once.  After eating our meal my friend and I noticed there was a sign on the door that said no credit cards.  Oops!  I never carry cash.  We ask the server if there is a nearby ATM.  The server said they would take my debit card.  Excellent, I thought to myself and gave them my debit card.  Payed the bill (signed the receipt) and took off.   (I did not enter my pin)

A few days later I realized there was a big problem.  My bank statement showed a transaction of $500 the following day.  Then another $500 the day after.  I should note that I NEVER USE THIS CARD anywhere except at Chase banks to withdraw or make deposits.   I reported this to the bank and luckily they took care of it without much trouble.

I just wanted to share my experience.   Whether it was intentional or not the truth is the problem stemmed from their payment process at this establishment.  Again, I do not use my debit card for anything other then banking transactions so you can make your own conclusion.
I am a very big fan of this place, the people are always really friendly, and the food is always awesome. My favorites are the lemongrass beef sandwich and the shrimp rolls. The only reason i don't go more often is that it is kinda pricey, but worth it once in a while.
This plaza has so many different eateries that you could do a food crawl and never leave the area. That is basically what I did today. After lunch at Thai Style Noodle House, my friend and I felt like getting boba, before going to Sunville Bakery. Being told that this place has the freshest tapioca in town, we thought it would be a good time to give it a try. 

I had originally ordered the durian,  the fruit that smells like feet, but they ran out. I then asked for the mixed vegetable juice, but the lady did not know how to make it. Eventually, I decided  on the avocado. At this point, I had thoroughly disgusted my friend with all my choices and she vowed to stay away from my drink, so bonus.  My friend had ordered the banana and was not overly fond of it. 

The rating is not due to the fact that they ran out, or the service was bad, but it was because the boba was too fresh or soft. The pearls at the bottom of my drink were piping hot and had no consistency or texture. As I began to chew, the surprise hit me, I felt no give as they disintegrated. On top of that, the smoothies had no creaminess to it. The sweetness was perfect, they do not use a sickening amount of syrup. Overall it tasted like fruit water with soft tofu.
I was very disappointed :-( I had been so excited to try this place especially because they have vegan "beef" soups and I had heard good things about the place. I did order the soup and it was so bland. The "beef" was made out of gluten which I don't mind because I personally love gluten but this kind was so spongy. I also ordered their Thai tea which was horrible! I'm always up for trying new vegetarian/vegan restaurants but this one I definitely won't be going back to again.
Judging by Kelly K's review I wonder if we even ordered the same sandwich. I would have been quite pleased if I had gotten ANY lettuce. Instead there were two tiny patties of faux, tough chicken with ONE strip of thin zucchini and a small sprinkling of shredded carrots and a few springs of cilantro. Seriously? It's a VEGGIE chicken sandwich. Don't be so cheap!

We arrived around 2pm on a Saturday. It was packed inside at the tables and there were customers waiting on the side wall for to go orders. Everyone was there before us and no one had gotten their food yet. Then it became apparent why... the owner taking orders at the register was a hysterical mess! You could feel her tension and I wanted to cancel my order. We listened as new customers came in to order... she was so frantic she kept running back and forth to the kitchen fussing at her staff. Every time she would get part of an order written down she would go in the back, reiterate the order, come back to the register and ask the customer to repeat what they wanted. What in the hell was the point of her taking down the order to begin with?! A high school drop out could have handled this task with much less stress and ciaos. It was hot as hell inside. We would have ordered the veggie pho, but with the door open and the heat from the kitchen we decided against it. Also, there were half eaten plates of food left next to us the ENTIRE time we were seated and were still there when we left. When one of the tables next to us FINALLY got there sandwiches, they asked where there appetizer (you know... the thing that comes BEFORE the entree) was. The only up side of this excursion was that I got to see Teller (of Penn and Teller). Being a vegan, I REALLY wanted to like this place. Great concept, severely poor execution. Never again.
I've actually been frequenting this place for years from when I used to train BJJ next door at Sergio Penha's... We would come over as a hugr group after we were done training for Boba drinks that I always got without milk in them. 

It was therefore  weird to come here to check out the place for their vegetarian & vegan fare.. ALthough turns out the veggie shrimp rolls I had been in love with, were just that.. VEGGIE!!!

So I decided to check this place out and have a full lunch hear with my food buddy, Ross.  He's not a vegetarian but very open so came with me to try it out..

I of course ordered a strawberry Boba drink and started our meal with my fave, veggie shrimp rolls.. Ross was impressed by them as I knew he would be..

I ordered the veggie mushroom chicken and he ordered the veggie pork chop; each with sides of rice. In spite of me almost ruining lunch by dumping my glass of water across the table, we jumped into the dishes tasting each one as they arrived at the table.

Of the two, the mushroom chicken was my favorite. It had a yummy  brown sauce on it that I poured over my rice. I liked the fact that the pork chop had a last of vegetables surrounding it but was my lesser favorite of the two..

Being that I am already a fan of this place, I have all the more reason to go now and sample more of their dishes... looking forward to trying out the veggie lemon grass beef next time!!

if you're looking for a fancy upscale place to have lunch, this isn't it. but if you want some good food with that "hole in the wall" feel, you've found it!!
So, I have some serious love for this place. I'm from Hawaii and whenever I'm home, I am usually left to subsist on veggie sushi rolls, multi-grain bread, fruits/veggies and plain rice. If I feel like spending a fortune, I'll go to the local natural food store for my overpriced boca burger. 

Veggie-D basically takes a lot of those meaty plate lunches that are popular in Hawaii and they veganize it. They have "fish, beef, chicken" plates served with a small bowl of delectable multi-grain rice and a salad. I do enjoy their sandwiches(although tiny) and spring rolls. 

The only thing that I won't wholeheartedly praise are the portion sizes. I usually don't leave here feeling very full and that's probably a good thing since I have a bad habit of giving myself giant-sized portions at any opportunity. All in all, this place is perfect for getting my fix of local Hawaiian-esque plate lunches that I can actually eat.
At first we were a little scared of this place.  It wasn't because of the location, decor, or whole in the wall atmosphere.  It was because we had recently decide to cut back on eating meats and didn't know what the hell we were doing. 

When we first walked in there were a few earthy, hippie type folks.  (No offense to any earthy hippies out there.)  Which is something we are NOT used to.  We thought to ourselves, are we really gonna do this?  Yes, yes we did and I'm happy we made that decision.

I've only been here twice now.  And both times I've ordered the same thing, a tofu vegetable mix with spicy sauce.  This place misrepresented spicy. This dish was F-N hot!  But oh, so very very tasty.  I'm hooked.  The tofu wasn't your usual boring bland tofu but rather a tofu that had minced vegetables in it.  The vegetables it sat on were mainly shredded cabbage (I love cabbage), green beans, broccoli, corn, and maybe some others.

My hubby has tried a few of their other dishes.  But of course we can't remember what they were.  He liked them.

I'll admit, our first visit the service was good.  The owner took care of us.  Our second visit was slow and somewhat unfriendly but none the less, we still enjoyed our food.  Too bad it's so pricey.  $9 for a tofu vegetable plate?  Really?  

Anyhoo, this place is yummy, pricey, small (very small), and a bit awkward (for us).  But give it a shot and see for yourself.  I will definitely venture back for the spicy tofu dish and Thai Tea.
Too much of ingredients. Either it is tooooo sweet or toooo sour. Compare to LA veggie restaurant, this is far more expensive and food are too much of ingredient.
Do not go to this restaurant.
Cons
- bad food.  We got a tofu dish that was just pathetic for several reasons: 1) the watery sauce was salty beyond belief, 2) made with frozen vegetables, 3) tofu tasted like crap.  We also got a mock beef dish that contained enough food for half a person.  The mock beef was clearly frozen junk.
- expensive given the quality and small portions.
- vegan tax.  You have to pay more to make the vegetarian dishes vegan.  No reason is provided and I have a feeling that there is no good reason why the vegan one costs ~$1 more.
- very bad service.  They don't pay attention to you even though the restaurant is small and there aren't many customers.

Pros
- The food didn't upset my stomach.

If you want this type of food, go to a non-vegetarian restaurant and just tell them to make their usual dishes vegetarian.  It will be much better than the food here.
I really liked this place. I was in Vegas over the weekend. I'm a vegetarian,  and my bf is a vegan. I did some research before leaving Los Angles, and I had this place on my list. We tried it, and I think it was quite good. I got the mushroom chicken dish (vegan), chow mein (which wasn't called chow mein -- just ask and they'll tell you what to get), and the sweet and sour chicken (vegan). All of it was quite good. There was a lot of pepper on our food. It seemed to be the last thing that they put on, like some sort of a garnish or something. If you don't like pepper, or you're ordering for your kid like me, tell them to hold the pepper. My son really loved the mushroom chicken plate, even though I ordered him the chow mein dish, which I thought was pretty good. 

One thing to note, if you're trying to get there from off the strip: Coming off Las Vegas Blvd, on one side the street says Spring Mountain and on the other side it says Sands, just FYI. I only saw the Sands sign and went right on by it. After I turned around, there was the other sign right in front of my face. Annoying!  

I agree with someone else about the Vegas strip, it was the worst for Vegans and Vegetarians. Sheesh! A lot of places didn't even have a veggie burger option. This place is a great alternative. It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but, hey, vegan beggars can't be choosers! ; )
Good choice for inexpensive and quick vegan and vegetarian dining.  Outdoor table so the dog could come along.  In the heart of Las Vegas'  Chinatown.  Thai and Vietnamese influences - welcomed break from grabbing something at Whole Foods.  Appetizers to full entrees made either vegetarian or vegan with an emphasis on noodle dishes.
How do they make it taste like meat, smell like meat, n look like meat but the're 100% vegetarian n most dishes upon request can be vegan. We ate their sandwiches on French rolls, they were great! Leaves u wanting more because theyre on the smaller side. Their fruit smoothies are delish too. Only thing is they took a lil long for the order eventho no one else was in there, but great food takes time I guess lol
Excellent vegan food.  Crispy Chicken sandwich was delish!
Excellent asian vegetarian fare.  They'll make any dish 100% vegan upon request.  My kids absolutely CHOWED DOWN!  Would give it five stars, but there is a very strong language barrier.  They need employees that speak better English.  Please be patient with them, the food is worth it.
The food here does the trick, but it's nothing special. 
My crispy chicken wasn't what I expected, with basic chicken nuggets served next to a bed of watery, white lettuce and the sauce on the side. It did taste pretty good, but not great. 
The pork skin hand rolls were tasty with the hot sauce on them, but tasteless without. I thought the pork skins would have more flavor. 
We'll probably start going to Red Velvet instead.
The workers are really polite and friendly and my food was good.  I ordered the beef soup noodle... it wasn't pho tho, it was something else and I just can't remember what it was called.  The food was good, but not amazing and out of the ordinary.  It was a big/decent bowl and I couldn't finish it so I saved the rest for later when I'd be drunk and hungry.  The noodle bowl costs me I think $7-9.  It was different from what I usually have but not out of this world.  I'd probably come by again... maybe.  Really nice ladies working there though.
If you go vegan, you've pretty much removed any decent pho from your life. Well, places like this bring it back. It's not the best vegan pho I've ever had, but it's certainly always noteworthy to find a place that even does it vegetarian at all!

I got the Vietnamese beef noodle soup (vegan), and my omnivore cousin got the Taiwanese beef noodle soup (vegetarian). I was surprised to learn that he LOVED the vegetarian beef, so much that he'd wished he'd gotten the vegetarian beef hand roll, instead of the pork skin hand roll. I got the shrimp hand roll, and I LOVE the sauce that they give you with it. It's slightly spicy and much better than the hoisin-like sauce that other places seem to give you when you order something similar.

The prices were pretty decent, and on top of that, they have vegan boba! The place is easy to miss when you're driving by, but it's worth finding.
Yay more vegetarian/vegan food! Everything here is vegetarian or can be modified to be vegan. Love, love, love this place! I almost always order the Tawainese-style noodle soup. Occasionally, I will get a french sandwich. These ones are oh so falvorful. The pickled veggies are what add that zing to, what could be, just an ordinary french sandwich. The boba, however, is not real. What do I mean by real? I mean that they don't use real fruits. They use that fake boba mix stuff like at Lee's Sandwich. Ew. Other than that, I have never been disappointed. I still must try their Chakra Blend drinks.
I always eat with my eyes here. I end up being so stuff with a huge tab., so don't let the cheap prices deceive you; they add up. The best things are the sandwiches and the crunchy pork rolls.
Delicious vegan sandwiches and bubble teas, great variety on menu! My only complaint is small portions for price.
We stopped in here after reading the yelp reviews, and it is a really good place. The restaurant is pretty small, but the food was good.  We ordered the beef wraps, beef curry, and a beef and noodle vegetable dish, along with a durian slushy and banana mango smoothie. We had stomachaches eating at wahoos before, and this place is so much better. The price was good too, and I felt full after eating here.
If you are vegetarian or vegan, you really get tired of the obsessive meat and seafood feat all over the place. Here you can find some really original Asian dishes, most of them really good. Some of the dishes are mild flavored, so your experience will vary on what you get. 

Overall really fun experience for vegetarians with broad palette.
Vegan food is pretty hard to come by in Las Vegas (or as my Dad calls it, Lost Wages...har har) so I really want to support those few options that do exist!

This place is truly a little hole-in-the-wall and a bit challenging to find. It's on the end of a long strip mall in what passes for a Chinatown in Las Vegas, which seems to be all different nationalities of Asian restaurants and businesses clumped together in one area. 

It's pretty lacking in the decor department, with fluorescent lights and all, and I did hear the monotonous monks-chanting soundtrack that another Yelper mentioned.
The ladies who work there are very friendly and helpful, however, and the food really makes up for these other issues.

I had "chicken" with mixed vegetables, with brown rice on the side. It was super-fresh and really delicious. The brown rice was probably the best I've ever had.
My husband had the peppered "beef" and veggies, which was waaay to heavy on the black pepper...you pretty much sneezed just looking at it, but very tasty nonetheless.
We shared the "chicken" loaf as an appetizer (bad name) which was good, but I'm not sure if I'd get it again.

We took home some leftovers and they were even better the next day in that weird way leftovers have...I think all the flavors had time to meld together for a great result!

They have a huge menu and next time I'm in Vegas I'll be sure to go back. 

So to sum it up:  if this place was in LA, where I live, I would go there all the time.
Get your food to go!
Yes, every single thing here is vegetarian.  Yes, even if it says beef.  Yes, even the crispy chicken.

Get the beef steak sandwich.  Soooo good.  I'd eat one of these every day if it were sociably acceptable.  And I lived in Vegas.  I deeply regret going halvsies with this sandwich.

Also tried the shrimp with XO sauce.  It was good, but I'd try something else next before ordering it again.

They have trillions of slushes and milk teas and all that.  I got the pineapple slush, it was quite refreshing.

A sign says "cash only," but I used Visa before I saw it and they accepted it.

Tiny place, could probably only accommodate 12 people or so.  Fast, friendly service.  Another great vegetarian place to add to my Vegas list!
Totally vegan/vegetarian.

There are tons of great dishes to choose from, I got the shrimp with XO sauce which was okay but the XO was a little different than I am used to getting.  That is probably because there is no ham, scallop, or dried shrimp in it.  I also got to try the beef steak sandwich which was bahn mi style.  It was great.  I would definitely recommend any of their sandwiches for first timers.  

I was not a fan of the boba slush I got.  I got the mango one and it was super sweet and all the boba got frozen up and wouldn't come through the straw, so I was left with a pile of rock hard boba balls at the end of my drink.  I got about 100 head freezes too.
Veggie Delight is tucked away on the side of Chinatown, facing Wynn street, so you have to park in the strip mall and walk a short distance there. The atmosphere is nothing fancy, and seating is limited (I would say 8-9 tables at most).

Service is fast and friendly. My experience with the language barrier was difficult to come by, but given this IS in Chinatown, I'm not going to be hard on that. Ordered the seaweed salad with special sauce. Definitely the best quality seaweed I've came across yet; dark green, tied into little bows, and you can order the degree of spiciness at your whim (I decided to not have it spicy, and it was delicious in itself). Don't expect a big plate of this, it's small but small enough to take your time and savor.

I also ordered the mixed vegetarian hand roll (Bo Bi). Two mixed hand rolls with a spicy dipping sauce to spoon on, absolutely delicious! Finished it off with an iced green aoole tea with boba, and I have to say I've never tasted green aoole tea before, but now because of Veggie Delight, I'm hooked on it!

Word to those unfamiliar with vegetarian/vegan diets: Don't expect the entrees or items here to be large. This is a perfect place for a light healthy lunch, and the small plates are a mechanism for you to slow down and savor your bites.

* (By the way, despite how a lot of stores in Chinatown accept cash only, they did accept my debit card! I would bring spare cash just in case for tip!)
This place was nothing special, in my opinion. The portions were on the small side, it took FOREVER for our whole party to be served and the food didn't even stand out, taste-wise. Maybe it was just an off night and maybe it had to do with the fact that there were close to 15 of us there for a party, but I just wasn't impressed. I didn't order a smoothie but some of my friends did and they really liked them. I would be willing to give this place another chance next time in Vegas but with so many other veggie places that I DO like, this place probably won't get another shot.
Discovered this place last week, and have already been back.  I took two carnivore friends here who loved it, too.

All four of the dishes I have sampled here are great.  The prices are low and the serving size generous.  I found the service to be friendly and really quick, too.  

I have a feeling I will now be a regular at Veggie Delight.
Now that I'm living back on the westside where I belong, I had to find new vegan restaurants. The first one I tried was Veggie Delight and all I can say is I hope the rest of the Vegan restaurants on this side of town are half as good as this one. Better yet, I may not need to even keep looking because this place has it all. It's like an Asian Red Velvet Cafe, everything on the menu can be made Vegetarian or Vegan. All 3 entrees we got were amazing, I can't wait to go back and try something new.
The chicken sandwich was amazing! I can't believe its not chicken! It tasted just like chicken. It also had a nice crisp outter breading and a tender center. I was also glad that their hoagie bred wasn't tough or hard also. for some reason I'm a bit traumatized when it comes to bread and asian food places. I'm always scared that the bread will be too hard to bite into, but hoorah! The sandwich was magnificent.

I wasn't too fond of their spring roll unfortunately. It was very dry and tasteless. I love my fresh spring rolls, but this one just didn't do it for me.

I spent about $15.00 for my sandwich and my spring rolls which wasn't too bad. The interior is what you would expect of a typical asian spot, but I'm not too sure if I'd be too fond of dining in. The service was ok. They were very attentive and friendly.
Cute little vegan/vegetarian restaurant tucked away in Chinatown.  There was nobody here when we showed up and we didn't really understand why because the prices are good and the food was excellent.  I didn't get a chance to try the slushes but I will have to next time as I hear they're excellent.  I got the beef steak dish and it was delicious, and my wife loved the curry.  

With good vegan spots being fairly limited in Vegas, it's nice to know places like Veggie Delight really stand out.
Vegetarian/Vegan selection is unbeatable. The atmosphere here is a disaster though. The chairs are uncomfortable, the tables are small, the whole eating area is cramped. Good place to stop for a togo order or some boba tea or vege juice. 
  The menu is very poorly done. EVERYTHING on it is vegetarian and vegan but NONE of the items have a description. I ordered Crispy Vegan Chicken with x/o sauce and rice, Expecting a chinese style dish. What I got was Vegan Chicken nuggets with dipping sauce, side of rice, steamed broccoli. It tasted good but was not what I expected in any way. Be sure to ask questions on your order and get what you want.
It was good, but a lot of oils and sauces. I really want to find raw veggies. Not cooked, greasy wanna be meat substitutes, might as well go to McDonalds.
Although I am not a vegetarian, I stopped by for lunch anyways. The veggie places I've ate at up to this point have been ok at best but veggie delight seems to outshine them all. 

They serve standard Asian noodle and rice dishes as well as sandwiches and rolls. I tried the spring roll, and avocado and crispy chicken sandwich. The roll had faux beef and the sandwich had faux chicken of course. While I was able to detect that they were not actually meat, it was pretty tasty anyways. The sandwich and rolls were actually above average for the Asian places I've been to.

Another point is that I spent about twelve on myself which is not bad compared to other veggie places. They are cash only, so come prepared.
Awesome!  I had the beef and mushroom fried noodle B12 without the "beef."  I ordered it spicy without oil and it was great.
Crispy chicken in special sauce w/vegetables is awesome!  I love this place!  The portions are large and it's one of the few all veggie/vegan restaurants in Vegas!  I highly recommend!!
I really liked this place. However the menu was extremely difficult to understand, and they only take cash. Other than those two things the food was quite good, and the watermelon slush and thai tea were super delicioso. I will return. Try the spring rolls, only if you already know you like spring rolls. I liked them very much. The atmosphere is meh... nothing special, but clean.
For vegan gluten free food this place is great!  The price is decent and the owners are sweet.  They make your food fresh so it takes a little longer to get it.  I love love love the bobas!  They have so many different flavors to choose from!  The tofu veggie stir fry is out of this world good!  They have a large variety of "meat" which kinda scares me because fake meat is not always tasty, but they add spices and cook it just right to make it taste like chicken!
Don't let this place fool you...this is the only place to get Vegan and Vegetarian Chinese food and love it! Sooo good! I do the Pork Rolls, Noodles, the mixed tropical drinks. Sooo goood!
We ordered fresh spring rolls with egg and hot sauce, the mushroom sandwich and the Taiwanese-style beef noodle soup. Adhering to Buddhist principles, they cook their food without onions or garlic. Although it is a vegetarian restaurant, they do offer vegan options. They have an amazing selection of Vietnamese sandwiches and spring rolls.

Everything we tasted was cooked well. The rolls included warm rice noodles and egg which was a pleasant contrast to the cold iceberg lettuce and bean sprouts. The sandwich had more vegetables than mushrooms, but with the sauce and fresh roll it satisfied. The beef noodle soup was excellent. Not too salty or oily and noodles just right!

Eight tables provide enough seating for sixteen people. It was clean, but felt crowded in a tight space. The staff have friendly smiles.
My favorite place to go for cooked vegan food. The food is light, not weighed down with oils and salt. My favorites are the spicy sandwiches, and the Mushroom and Pork Fun Soup.
as a meat eater.... this was pretty good. i came here because my friend was vegan lol. so its strange to me to imagine eating meat but its soy lol. 

what we ordered!

beef roll
fried pork skin roll
chicken avocado sandwich 
curry pork sandwich.

it was all vegan except for my curry pork sandwich lol but it was vegetarian. i thought everything was pretty good except for the fried pork skin roll... if the pork skin wasnt fried into shreds it would probably be better, i felt like i was eating super fried french fried that shrivel up lol

my friends chicken avocado sandwich didnt look too appetizing to me so i didnt try it. my curry pork sandwich was tasty. but i got hungry within 30 minutes cuz it was all vegan/ vegetarian lol

OH we also order thai tea boba. i wanted mine regular but instead i had soy in it.... it wasnt the same for me cuz it wasnt creamy lol. but its still good. it is hard to find vegan food in vegas! 

i think i'll come back only if im with my vegan friend or if i want to lose weight haha!
I ordered a vegan chicken dish and when it came to the table it was a side of white rice, steamed broccoli, and chik'n nuggets...not impressed!
Ate here with a group of omnis, and everybody loved the food. The crispy chicken sandwiches were tasty but very small. I had the lemongrass beef with cold noodles: flavorful and not too heavy. I'll be back to try other items when I'm back in Vegas. Service was a bit on the slow side hence the 4 instead of 5 stars.
I come from a city where it's rare to find a vegetarian restaurant, so when I saw a vegetarian Chinese food joint, I knew I had to check it out.

It's a cute little hole in the wall with really friendly owners. I ordered the beef noodle soup (basically beef pho) & spicy/crunchy cucumbers. The cucumbers were delicious- just like a dish I use to order often in China. The beef noodle soup was so tasty & fresh. The fake meat freaked me out a little because it tasted so real (or tasted what I think meat tastes like.. ha).

It was a great experience & I'm glad we got off the Strip for it.
Fantastic all-vegetarian and optional vegan Chinese food. Not your typical veg Chinese, too - it's really authentic with varied regional recipes. They even have durians for smoothies! This place is not impressive outside or inside, but the food choice is so good it's worth a visit.
We became vegan about one month ago and started our search for vegan-friendly restaurants in Las Vegas. We hit the jackpot when we found Veggie Delight. The food is amazing, creative and we can't wait to go back to try more dishes.

The waitresses are helpful and great at making suggestions.One waitress could quite possibly have had the nicest smile I have ever seen.

The ambiance iis strip mall-y and the flourescent lighting isn't ideal but you get over it quickly with the very endearing and soothing waterfall feature which covers one wall. 

The chef was the hit of the night. He came to every table handing out non-meat "beef" samples which was unbelievably good. He also stopped again at our table to to see how we were enjoying our meal. We had a wonderful conversation.

Can't wait to go back!
Awesome veggie food! Well worth a taxi ride from the strip if you are vegetarian!
I expect a little language barrier. I expect the place. I expect some decent quality food. I got all those things. That's all fine. But I think it's just alright. Why? It's expensive for what it is. Vegan/vegetarian or not, it's a lot.

Bahn mi should not be this expensive. I was $9 in with a drink. That's a lot. Now, I'd say "worth it" if the sandwich was packed full of awesome ingredients. It was not. It was as dismal as Lee's (that's harsh in my mind, but true). Again, it wasn't bad, but not worth the extra. Especially considering it was empty in there and the people running it were reading magazines and doing crossword puzzles.

Would I be back? Not sure. I have no doubt there are better items there. I did enjoy my drink, and it is family owned it seems. I'll have to be back to judge better but for now, I could have done better with $9.
I find myself in Vegas pretty often for work, and every time, I make my way to Veggie Delight. 

I happen to think it's the best vegan restaurant in the country, but admittedly, I've never been here when I wasn't in the deep, deep fog of a Vegas hangover. The food is fresh, the menu is ridiculously extensive, and THEY MAKE FUCKING DURIAN SMOOTHIES. The fake meat is amazing in flavor and consistency, and there are a half dozen places to get a post meal rub-n-tug within a block of this little gem.

Seriously, you're in vegas. You are destroying your body with every well vodka you pound, every line you snort, every molly you pop. The least you can do is eat some healthy comfort food.
My wife and I stopped here on my last visit to Las Vegas to get carry-out. First off, the place is hard to find. The strip-mall in which Veggie Delight sits is packed. It's on the end by the shopping light, around the corner from the main strip. It has all the charm of an asian restaurant in a strip mall but that's fine because we're not there for fine dining.

We went with some noodle dishes and pot stickers. The stickers were great: not too mushy and full of flavor. Our noodle dishes were both very good, though we couldn't figure out who's was who's, so we just shared. Honestly I don't remember what we got (Beijing noodles and something else perhaps?). Each of our dishes was neither too spicy nor too salty.

Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area.
veggie delight is great veg find in a meat-centric town.  thank you for again showing me the way, yelp!

pros:
- all vegetarian
- cheap, depending on what you order.  this is vegas, after all...
- tasty, fresh, and very unique food
- pleasant service

cons:
- location is a tough to find, and you absolutely have to drive to it (note: just because it's on wynn road in NO WAY means it's located near the wynn!)
- very casual atmosphere... clean, though
- slight language barrier, but friendly service once you realize this
- weird dual pricing depending on if you want your dish vegan (more expensive) or vegetarian (cheaper for some reason).  when i asked our server what the difference is, she replied "dairy".  dairy in chinese/thai/viet food?  that seems odd... especially when you see the menu items.

based on all the yelp love, we ordered the veggie pork skin rice noodle salad.  holy shit, this was AMAZING!!!  super flavorful, crispy, full of fresh veggies, and not heavy.  yum!!  we also ordered the basil chicken because i just love this kind of dish.  it was really good and came with fresh vegetables, including broccoli, carrots, and snap peas.  we requested brown rice with it instead of white rice and some hot sauce on the side.  delicious!   both these dishes were very unique tasting, and the pork skin noodle salad was unlike anything i've ever had or seen.  we finished everything and left with happy, full bellies and ready for a night of boozing, gambling,and other unmentionable activities.  ;)

looking forward to coming back next time we're in vegas!
Basil beef and lemongrass chicken dishes are amazing! The almond milk boba was great too! Will be back next time.
I dig the food here, and I'm not even vegetarian or vegan. It just feels like a healthy choice and everything is super tasty.

The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because there's a little racial preference thing going on here. We visited twice during our week-long stay in Vegas, and BOTH times they gave preference to Chinese people who showed up after us while we were waiting to be seated. Groups would show up, speak in Chinese, laugh a little, and then would be seated immediately. On both of our dinner visits, we had to wait approximately 15 to 20 minutes for a table.

I figured it's possible that these Chinese guests had made a reservation. So I tried to make a reservation for our second dinner trip and was told that they could not give me a reservation. Do they only give reservations to Chinese people? Not sure. But other than this weirdness, the table service was good and the food was excellent.
healthiest place to eat in vegas? if not, then what is?
party hard, eat well.
This is the closest thing to mom and pop vegan restaurant I can find in town. Always real nice and u can see that the family makes everything. Everything can be vegan and I haven't found a single dish I don't like! Many dishes r simple... I love the curry chicken sandwich.. I can enjoy this place breakfast ( fresh fruit slushed) lunch ( sandwiches ) and dinner ( main course with brown rice ) !!!! A must visit! The only reason I gave 4 star is sometimes they can be slow on service. Haha.. But they accept card compared to the rest of china town who won't! ;)
This place is fabulous!! Went here for the first time with 3 carnivores (I'm the lone veggie) and everybody left happy! The hand rolls, crispy "chicken" sandwich, pho, and Hawaiian style fried rice were all amazing. Can't wait to come back for more!!
I'm vegetarian, and I like the vegetarian food here.  I eat here once every two weeks.  Price is affordable and the waitresses are friendly.  The ambiance and atmosphere is relaxing and soothing (there are sounds of streaming water in the background)

My favorite dish is the faux fish steamed with black bean sauce.  I also get the fresh coconut for dessert!

I have to tell the staff to use less oil, salt, sugar on my dishes - I think they try too hard to satisfy everyone's taste buds.
OMG this place is delicious!! Far exceeded all expectations and I will absolutely be back! The basil leaf chicken and bean sprout chicken are both incredible... Seriously, get them. Need an appetizer too? Get the dumplings, you will not be disappointed. Did I mention this place is amazing?!
Came to try something different in Vegas. It was a quaint little restaurant tucked in the Chinatown community. 

Food was really awesome (for being vegetarian/vegan). I would definitely come back. 
I had their Curry [non]Beef plate.  Loved the flavors. I recommend it for a light meal. 
The curry [non] beef soup is also a must try. It's a big bowl by the way. 
Try the hand spring rolls too.
Went here on 12/28/13. Had a Thai Ice Tea. Didn't taste right. Would never go back here for the Thai Ice Tea. Not sure about the food though.
A trip to Vegas isn't complete without a trip to Veggie Delight. This is Vegetarian/vegan food done right! We have tried several different dishes and have never been disappointed.
Veggie Delight is delicious! Many spots that look like this aren't nearly as good. We arrived as they were closing and they re-opened to feed us despite our pleading that that wasn't necessary. And every dish was stellar. 
I recommend the Singapore noodles and the Pepper Steak. And vegan boba, duh. 
Very affordable and close to the strip.
As far as the food is concerned it looked and tasted unhealthy. I had the pepper steak, chicken diced with vegetables, and steamed dumplings. Everything was fried ( except for the dumplings) and the fake meats were too soft and tasted cinammony. Very strange flavor. I couldn't eat it. Waste of money

I should have known better**

The service was good.  

I wont come back again. :(
We love this place. The basil chicken, and the lemon grass beef - fabulous food, lovely ladies that run the place and they have boba too! 
Each time we visit Vegas, we make it a point to have atleast one meal a day here. The quantity is plentiful, the dishes well made and the spices well balanced.
If you're looking for a quick & tasty vegan spot for a quick bite, stop here.

Veggie Delight is probably one of the smallest places I've been to but the food is delicious. It is very hole in the wall and only has about 8 tables so if you have the time, I recommend calling ahead and taking your order to go. Other than that, I have never been disappointed with their food. Chinatown has a lot to offer and this is one of the best!

My order always starts off with a Boba or Fresh Coconut to drink, vegan spring rolls & an order of soup or bahn mi. My favorite soups are the tomato or lemongrass beef. I'm usually not a big fan of fake vegan "meat" since I am rather picky when it comes to texture but Veggie Delight does it right! My favorite bahn mi is the vegan with avocado. The bread is a good, fresh piece of french bread, topped with pickled vegetables, cilantro, jalapeno and tofu. I also add extra sriracha to mine but that's just because I love super spicy food. Yum!

This restaurant is friendly to kids. However.. If you do plan on bringing kids here,  Remember that at this kind of place, it honestly depends on what your kids are like and willing to eat. For example, I have brought my nephews here many times ( They are 4 and 6 ) and they love it! They've also been exposed to eating healthier, vegan friendly or even exotic foods like Thai Papaya Salad or Sushi so keep this in mind if you're bringing a kid with you. If your kid turns their nose up at veggies or is an extemely picky eater, they probably wont like this place much. If all else fails, buy the kid a healthy but disguised as dessert fruit slush and call it a day :).
Everything was so delicious and fresh tasting! Very pleasantly surprised and not oily. I had the Vegan Beef Pho Soup, we shared the crispy pork skin spring rolls, and My husband has the Hawaiian Style Fried Rice. We both ordered the Thai Tea but O asked for mine Vegan. Wasn't to thrilled with it, tasted like watered down Thai tea. It was missing the creamy balance. I think it would have tasted better mixed with almond or soy milk. But other then that, everything else tasted great. I will definitely be trying a fresh papaya smoothie next stop here instead. 

Pro:
-great service. A little bit of a language barrier but they were patient and kind.  -Sign does say Cash Only but they do accept card
-Delicious flavorful food. 
-nicely seasoned broth and delicious "fake meat" I am not a huge fake meat fan but from what I tasted, they were able to make it taste very enjoyable and well seasoned. 
-Hawaiian fried rice had a nice smokey deep flavor that is sometimes hard to find in vegan food and it appealed to my husbands meat and potato kind a guy taste buds. 
-Many options to choose from

Con:
-Very small place
-if you base your taste bud senses off of decor, you ain't gonna find it here, but looks are deceiving
-We noticed another table waited quite some time before there food arrived.
Ordered: Hawaii style fried rice, black pepper beef, crunch fried spring roll, Thai iced tea, coffee iced tea 

Service was friendly, food arrived shortly 

Liked this place because I don't eat red meat and I could actually order ANYTHING on the menu. Very liberating!! LOL.
Easily the best Asian vegetarian/vegan spot in Vegas. I've been coming here for years now & the food never fails. The dumplings would have to be my favorite dish simply because the sauce that accompanies it is so tasty.. Definitely a must-try! I do not recommend coming here during rush hour since Chinatown gets pretty claustrophobic especially in this particular area.
At veggie delight the boba drink options are delicious. They have plenty of options to choose from that give you a great selection for your after meals treat. The vegan sandwiches have a nice Asian flair the prices are reasonable.
Great for vegans/vegetarians!!! This is my first time in Las Vegas as a vegetarian and I was unsure about the options I would have for meals...boy, was I glad my boyfriend found this place! This meal zapped away our hangovers and got our bodies up and running again. Delicious food!!! Spicy chicken is SPICY! but it was so good I couldn't stop eating it. Also, their fruit slushes are fantastic!! 
If you are vegan/vegetarian don't miss out on eating here during your Vegas stay....we will definitely be coming back!
I came here a while back and fell in love.  Great food! Quaint store space.

Their boba tea is ridiculously good.  Last time I bought 4 just because I liked them so much. 

I had the crispy chicken vegan last time, amazing. 

I had the bean sprout chicken vegan this time, which is pretty good but I would choose differently if I could now. 

I've had the taro boba tea w/ soy.  Amazing.  And their Thai style tea is awesome too.
The names of the dishes and looks may fool you but there is no meat here which is great if your a true vegan or vegetarian. I also love the Taro slush I get one every time with no Boba. Vegan style uses Soy milk.
Portions are quite big. Great off strip location close to hotel Rio. Only 6 tables but excellent food! Vegetarian or vegan option. Bargain!
Vegan paradise
Came here once before and really enjoyed it, so we came back.  This time we ordered the Vietnamese vegan sandwiches, I ordered the spicy chicken and he ordered the crispy chicken with avocado sandwich.  I didn't read the menu posted on the wall before I ordered, I just ordered off the regular menu so didn't know what came in the sandwiches.  I don't really like pickles or too much pickled items but don't mind a little daikon, shredded carrots and cilantro in my sandwiches.  My sandwich had some pickled peppers or pickled something which I had to take out.  I liked his crispy chicken sandwich much better.  I probably would've enjoyed my sandwich a lot more if the sandwich had cilantro, which I didn't realize it was missing until I was done.i also would've probably enjoyed the sandwich more if it came with some sort if side, either some sort of fries or veggies or soup...just something, my sandwich looked lonely. But I did give an extra star for the fact that they have a soy milk option for their boba drinks, nice!
By general rule, if the establishment has only one customer seated and enjoying their order, I should now be the first priority. They dropped the service ball 3 times. 1: Did not want to create a special order for me, which could have been easily done. 2: nearly handed my order to the other patron which was already face deep in her noodles. 3: I had to wait for chopsticks and a drink of water about 3 minutes after my entree arrived.  The dish was good however, reminded me of Veggie Wokery in Artesia or Loving Hut in the Bay Area. I would imagine their sandwiches are their #1 item here.  Maybe I caught them on an off- momentary episode of collective, cerebral flatulence.
If I had the power to move mountains, my first item of business would be to pick up this little place and move it from Las Vegas to Maryland. As high-profile as our hotel's restaurants were, the availability of eating options for non-carnivores was lacking. Me being just under a few months old as a vegan, I thankfully was able to trust in my handy dandy Yelp app to locate vegan/vegetarian places in the area and was led to Veggie Delight. At first I was a little confused reading the menu because all over it I read options with the words "chicken, shrimp, beef, pork" in them. After looking at the pictures and reading the reviews, I was even more excited to learn of and even more anxious to experiment with several of the meatless options and see their take on carnivorous selections. I was tickled at the fact that it likened many of the Chinese carry outs I'm used to in that they boasted Chinese and American cuisine. Had they've included soul food, I surely thought I was back in Baltimore.

I purchased the Basil Leaf Chicken entree, Spicy Chicken sandwich, Pork spring roll and Shrimp spring roll. My least favorite was the basil leaf chicken. I could barely finish half the container, it had way too much ginger in it. The meat used in it was also not cooked as thoroughly as I would have preferred. It needed to be crisp as opposed to soft and rubbery as the meat seemed to squeak while chewing. My favorite was the chicken sandwich. There's this carrot mixture they use as a topping/spread and the seitan had a nice spicy sauce/marinade that was a great match to the sweet tasting wheat roll the held it together. For the price paid, I would have liked a bit more of the "chicken" mixture but if you were eating this with any type of side (chips, etc) you would be satisfied. 

As far as the spring rolls were concerned, what the other Yelpers stated holds true-go for crunchy!!!  The rice paper wrapped round the rolls became sticky and hard to maneuver without everything falling all over the place. It's unfortunate that the shrimp roll doesn't come crunchy. Perhaps some suggestions should be made to them about this. The contents inside were great matches though and the shrimp substitute was delightful. The pork roll had some type of mushroom appeal to it but the color matched and the taste was convincing once you poured the complimentary chili oil on it. 

I also purchased an avocado slush and boy was it delicious! The variety in both flavors and milks (soy or almond) they offered was great and the cups they serve the slushes in are vacuumed sealed so as to prevent spillage. Veggie Delight is quite a treasure and I will surely be back the next time I visit Vegas.
They have a vegetarian and a vegan menu.. just when I thought it was all the same.. its not! The products they use differs on your liking. They use say-tan (spelling?) for mock meat and tofu sometimes. I was very nervous coming here for my first time because I thought it would be tasteless and disgusting... ohhh boy, I was wrong! This has to be one of my favorite spots in Chinatown. The flavors, the style... its so delicious! For a meat-eater myself, I wouldn't have known that the meat was mock meat!! I am hooked!! This place is a must try and it makes you feel so healthy :)
Again my husband liked this Asian restaurant better than I did. It was little too bland for me. I'm Asian so I need rich spicy flavorful blend of spices.
The veggie curry chicken with potato is life-changing. 5 stars. Veggie fish also isn't bad.
Great veggie food
Tried the veggie fish  and chicken sandwich 
Both were good

Mango slush was not that great. But definitely worth the penny
This was my first experience with"meatless" meat and I must say it was very delicious.  The veggies were crisp and the flavors were vibrant. I would highly recommend. They offer both vegetarian and vegan options  the only problem I had was the combination rice dish was a little oily. I'm totally going back!
I have got to say they impressed me did not taste at all vegetarian great service friendly staff fresh food and drinks are awesome I love the food here a must try if you are in town..
It's a hole in the wall small veggie house. It features am extensive drink menu: boba, iced smoothies, teas and coffees etc. Watermelon smoothie is really good! These are the must try items: spicy chicken, Taiwanese beef noodle soup, finally the spring rolls. It's healthy and it's vegetarian, please note they do have Vegan items as well.
I was super excited to try this place out, and the result, alas, are these 2 stars. I should say though, I am willing to go here again and give it another try. It's possible that the item I ordered, the Beef Curry, is simply one of their weaknesses (however, after looking over some of the other reviews, it seems that the problems I had with the food were the same problems others wrote about, so...): basically, the problem is the food was bland. I mean, it was supposed to be Indian Beef Curry, and there wasn't even a hint of hot spiciness, not to mention, the sauce wasn't particularly curryesque either. 

Judging from the stacks of magazines and reading material on the shelf by the door, it should be noted that the primary clientele of this restaurant are probably asian buddhist vegetarians. Just a note in response to some other reviews that primarily criticize the service. They need to be judging the service in the proper context. This is not a place for vacationers to have their feet kissed while being served.
Closed on Tuesdays, I decided to come back another time. 

Most everything can be ordered vegan which is a plus for all vegans! There's vegetarian options, so a possible cross contamination could happen. 

It was a small quiet setting which was nice for a Friday. The menu isn't appealing to look at since there are no photos to entice you. The food takes a decent amount of time to get out to you. 

I ordered the tofu bites which I assumed it was going to be fried tofu. Instead it was baked tofu that was dressed with a sesame soy ginger sauce. It was actually pretty good. The only thing that had me question the dish was that some tofu pieces were cold and some were hot...

My entree was curry with TVP and brown rice. The veggies were fresh and cooked perfectly as well as the potato that came with it. I love Asian curry so i was in heaven. 

The service is little to none, as the waitress brought my bill before I requested for a Thai tea. $19 for a nice size entree, an app and Thai tea w/boba, not bad. 

Their credit/debit card machine doesn't print out an option for you to tip. I don't carry cash on me so I felt bad not leaving anything, because I wanted to for them being so nice. But as I got up to leave, one of the employees looked at the table, I assume to see if I left a tip. She saw that I didn't and gave me a lousy wave good bye. 

Overall I enjoyed it. I'd come here often when in the area.
Glad I found this place. Always looking for a vegan meal I was happy to find this in Chinatown. Items can be ordered vegan or vegetarian. We ordered the black pepper beef which was phenomenal, the chicken in special sauce, yum, and the braised tofu. Everything was very tasty, served up quickly and ample water service ( that is a big deal for me). Small eating area, asian tacky decor but a great casual place to go.
Pretty darn amazing for a vegetarian menu! The owner was super friendly and I told her how much I love spicy fare.. she took care of me!!

I ordered the Kung Pao Soy Chicken.. you don't even miss the chicken at all.. nice and spicy sweet with LOADS of veggies!! Also ordered the Imperial Roll Noodles.. yummy! I didn't even miss the BBQ pork that usually comes with this dish elsewhere. Lots of pieces of egg rolls amongst fresh cabbage and rice noodles.. she also threw in some Thai chiles.. my mouth, my mouth, my mouth is on fire! 

Can't wait go come back!!
Ok, lemme get this straight.  A vegan restaurant, on my side of town, and it's delicious?!?  It's like a dream come true!

I had the Golden Soy Chicken Delight and it was wonderful.  Thin slices of  "chicken" in a ginger & green onion sauce with rice and steamed veggies.  My fella had the Vegetable Fried Rice which was a huge plate of rice, veggies and tofu.  We shared a sweet, icy glass of mint lemonade too.  Mmmmm, it was all so good and I can't wait to go back!

Update:  I've been back twice since my original review.  I had the Golden Soy Chicken again, and the Pho.  My husband and I also shared some chocolate cake.  Everything was so good!  I love this place!
This place is a gem. Absolutely everything I've tasted here was delicious, from the iced jasmine tea to the main entrees. I'm glad to have another vegetarian/vegan restaurant option of this caliber in town.

We started off the meal with the Fresh Summer Rolls, followed by the Lotus Salad, an order of Stir Fried Noodles and the Kung Pao Soy Chicken. The rolls were large and quite filling on their own. Next, we split an order of Lotus Salad; with fresh squeezed lime on top it was divine. Crisp, crunchy and cool... perfect for a summer lunch. The Stir Fried Noodles were very good too, but the real standout was the Kung Pao Soy Chicken... I couldn't stop eating it! We finished everything and I was very satisfied. The interior is immaculate and service is very friendly. I will definitely be adding this restaurant to my rotation of favorites...
Hello Awesome! We drove literally 25 minutes to try this place out because we heard there was a new thai/veg place in town...25 minutes but I was impressed!

Walking in, I couldn't help but notice the bright green walls and the cheerful atmosphere. We were seated and ordered the fried spring rolls. So good! My friend order the Golden Soy Chicken and I had the Curry Veggies w/ tofu. We've eaten at Veggie House and we were impressed with their soy-meat fare but I was blown away with Fresh Mint. The soy-chicken dish was amazing, not a weird texture but just right. The sauce that goes with it was mighty tasty. My Curry Veggies were kickin! I loved the curry and both meals came with steamed veggies and brown rice (YUM!). 

Our bill came to about $28 with iced teas. Overall, a very pleasant experience. Now, can they get one over in my area?...that would be clutch.
I went to Fresh Mint tonight for dinner with meetup.com's Vegetarian Society of Phoenix.  It was my first time, and I will definitely be going back.

Our party was over 20 people and the owners were very gracious.  Everyone seemed to like what they ordered.  I heard the Sweet and Sour soup was good.  Other favorites were the Kung Pao Soy "Chicken", Curry Apple Tofu, Vegetarian Black Pepper "Steak", Lemongrass Tofu, and the Golden Curry Vegetables with Tofu.

I had the Golden Curry with brown rice, and it was wonderful.  The sweet potatoes in it were a treat.  I thought the portions were good sized.  I have leftovers for tomorrow.

I was too full for dessert, but when I go back I will try something.  I'm already planning my next trip to Scottsdale!

Do not accept American Express.  Not a big deal for me, just wanted to mention it.
Went for lunch with a coworker. The food is good and relatively inexpensive. I had the eggplant with basil and was happy.

Decor is pleasant but I am unsure why they use up 30% of their space for a deli style counter when its all wait served.

Another gripe is with price and vegetarian spots in general. Usually meat is the most expensive item in a dish. If there is no meat then the restaurants costs are lower (not to mention storage and handling savings) so this should be passed on to the consumer. If they offered a $5 lunch menu they would clean up. 

Overall I recommend this since it is healthy and quick.
Ok, first off, it has to be known that I am not anywhere near of being a vegan.  I love my filet mignon, chicken piccante, and sea bass.  But I am always up for trying new things and my friend wanted to meet their last night for dinner, so I was game.

I was pleasantly surpised with my choices...though i wished I ordered what my friend ordered.  (I ordered a lemongrass seaweed tofu thing, that I cannot remember the name of it for the life of me)  She even said she liked my entree much better than her Vegetarian Spare Ribs (which I though was AMAZING) I also ordered cucumber rolls, since I saw that it had white radishes in them (YUM)  

So, now I know one thing...I have a distaste for Tofu.  But I will not hold it against the establishment since it isn't their fault.  But it was their fault that I was sweating like a pig in that place.  

The staff was very nice and helpful.  The server had great suggestions for entrees.
As a vegetarian (but not vegan) I was psyched to go eat at a place where I wouldn't be limited to appetizers and/or eating off someone else's plate (or having to face idiotic comments like "just pick the meat off.") The menu was like a smorgasboard of love! Tofu everything! Sweet Lucy, what did I do to deserve this? 

Fresh Mint, I so wanted to love you and hold you and call you my own. But I was denied.

I  had the Kung Pao Soy Chicken. It was pretty spicy for my taste, but that may just be because I am a wimp in that area. The decor was blindingly bright,  yet charming. But there were a few downs:  The service was slooooooww....especially for a lunch hour; the guy who served us had stains all over his shirt -- kind of like he'd just run a race or dripped beer on himself. I also saw him flip a tablecloth. Seriously. How gross is that?

I'll probably give it one more try, particularly since they now have $8 lunch specials. Oh, and they don't take American Express. Bummer.

Fresh Mint, I still have hope that someday -- you and I -- fireworks, long walks on the beach, champagne...don't let me down, baby!
I write this as I use my chopsticks to pick up peanuts from the Kung Pao dish.  I just got lunch and Fresh Mint is really close to my work.  I'd read the reviews and thought it sounded like the best lunch EVER!
Eh, it's OK.  The Kung Pao is awesome and everyone's right - you don't even miss the chicken.  I'm not a veg-head, but I do enjoy a good tofu dish.  It came with a side of brown rice, huge plus.  Then, there's the salad.  The bagged-I-can-get-this-at-Safeway-salad.  It's drenched in dressing.  It is seriously nothing more than a bagged salad.
I also got the summer rolls.  Really fresh and yummy!  Light, too.  Came with a side of peanut dipping sauce that I would totally fill my bathtub with.
Fresh Mint, I like you.  I like the decor.  I like the Kung Pao.  I don't like the slow service nor the ghetto salad.
I was pretty impressed with Fresh Mint. It is not the best Veggie food I have ever had and the service left a little to be desired, but I enjoyed my meal and the decor of the restaurant.

I ended up having the carmelized fish and my boyfriend had the kung pow chicken. Both were flavorful and cooked perfectly. I had jamsmine iced tea and was never offered a refill, which sucked, because it was really good.

Oh, yeah, we started off with the Pho which was really really good. It had fake beef in it and was sweeter then normal Pho but was really really tasty. I would go back just for the soup.

The bathrooms were really nice. That normally doesnt matter to people but i really liked them so I figured I would point it out

Overall it was a good experience and I will definitely be back. There were a lot of different dishes I wanted to try, especially after all of the comments about the chicken being so good.
I am breaking a personal rule and reviewing this after the first visit!  My housemates and I went and we ate half of the items listed on the menu, so it was like visiting several times.

We had imperial rolls for starters. Lemongrass soy beef noodles, papaya salad, hotpot, stuffed tomatoes.  Fresh Mint special lemonades for our drink.  Then we finished with mango tapioca and banana fritters.

After a debauched weekend, I thought this might be a good place to get back on track and eat a healthy, nice vegetarian meal.  As you can tell from what we ordered, the debauchery continued!

The imperial rolls were amazing for not having any meat in it!  No loss of flavor whatsoever.  I did notice a difference in texture, but it wasn't bothersome.  

The papaya salad had to be one of the best dishes we ordered.  It had the right amount of crunch on the fruit.  The dressing was also well balanced and was not too spicy with chili, or salty with fish sauce or sour with lemon, and just the hint of sweetness.  The addition of Thai basil gave it a refreshing finish.  Just wondering though, if they used fish sauce at all...being vegetarian...hmmm.

My next favorite has to be the hotpot.  A super hot ceramic bowl filled with sizzling brown rice and vegetables with a sauce that just imparts flavor without being obnoxiously present.  The vegetables were not overcooked, the rice was starting to crust at the bottom and the sauce brought it all together.

You have to go and taste for yourself. It's really good.  At our visit, Fresh Mint was staffed by a father-daughter team, with daughter at the back of the house.  Dad, as the server, was friendly and inviting, and paid just the right amount of attention to us.

My rec is to go with friends who don't mind sharing, and order tons of food.
I can mow through a cow so I am in no way a vegan but I met a friend here for lunch and I was sincerely impressed.  I ordered the Pad Thai and it comes mildly spicy but I had them kick it up to medium and it was fantastic and the salad that came before the meal was fresh and flavorful as well.  I was in and out of the door in 30 minutes, too!  We got there at 11:30 and after 11:45 it filled up pretty quickly so if you are in a hurry, go early.
I have a love affair with meat, but this vegan Thai place has given me a whole new perspective on tasty vegan. 

It's not that I have anything against tofu, I just can't cook it myself to make it actually taste good. Now I don't have to. I'll just take the family to Fresh Mint and have their yummy tofu instead! Surprisingly, they are not limited to tofu. I had the Kung Pao with "pretend" beef......HOLY COW! It was freakin' good!!! I honestly don't know if I could have guessed it wasn't beef if you hadn't told me. 

My husband had the Rainbow dish with "pretend" chicken. Again, wow! It actually tasted like good food.....good food that just happens to make your taste buds think they are eating chicken! His was a wee bit spicy for me, but infused with a great flavor nonetheless. The kids got a Pad Thai, and that was the only thing that was kind of bland. Whereas our other two dishes had AMAZING sauces, the Pad Thai could have used a little more "umph". 

Oooohhhh, and the summer rolls (one of my favorite Vietnamese appetizers) had tofu instead of the shrimp that is normally served. I didn't even miss those delicious little guys. Good peanut sauce, great fresh veggies, and a choice between white and brown rice help this newer eatery get my 4 stars. 

Now I know what to "cook" when my vegetarian father-in-law comes to town. We are dragging him to Fresh Mint!
delicious!
super friendly, good service.  vegan-tastic.
Absolutely amazing food! We love going to Fresh Mint. Always good. We have tried numerous dishes and every time it just gets better and better. If you work around the area, their lunch specials are affordable and taste amazing as well. Oh and if you want dessert, try their Mango Tapioca. Wow wow wow! Oh and we aren't vegetarians but Fresh Mint is just too good to not go to when we are in the Scottsdale area.
I went here on a whim last night, not knowing that it was a Vegan/vegetarian restaurant.

That being said, I was VERY impressed! The food was very fresh and tasty. I was a little apprehensive about eating the meat substitutes but came away happy.

I had the cucumber rolls and the Lemongrass soy beef delight. I was very pleased with both. The cucumber rolls were handmade right in front of my eyes, and they were beautiful, crunchy, and FRESH. The peanut sauce that they come with was also very tasty.

The LSBD was also very good, I really liked the taste and texture of the "beef"; it even had the proper looks of shaved beef. The noodles that they are served with were light, perfectly cooked and a great compliment to the rest of the dish.

I'll for sure be visiting again sometime soon!
OMG my first review!

I've been trying to cut meat out of my diet lately, and I keep driving by this place on the way to and from work.  When I finally made it there, I was slightly surprised by what I found.

The ambiance is somewhat odd, and not in the "odd but quirky and cool" sense you get from other vegan restaurants.  It's got kind of a strip mall chic feel to it, and the fifties music playing in the background made me feel like I got dropped in some bizarro "Back to the Future" scene, but the food was great and the couple that owns the place was really friendly!

I went on a Tuesday evening and I was the only one there--the place was dead.  It gave me pause at first, but the appetizer I ordered (Fried Imperial Rolls) was excellent, although the portions were small.  The vegetarian dipping sauce (whatever that is) was especially good.  For my meal I ordered Golden Soy Chicken--and although it looked like the same rubbery soy chicken substitute you might buy at the grocery store, it actually tasted like chicken!  The scrumptious citrusy ginger flavor of the sauce really made the dish, though.  The veggies seemed a bit more for garnish than for actual consumption, but they were ok, too.

The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5?  You pay too much for the size portions you get.  I had an appetizer and an entree and I still left not quite full.  I'm thinking I'll have to try this place for lunch sometime, since I work only right down the road.
This place is sooo good! Great place to impress your meat eating friends! The best dish is the Kung poa Soy Chicken and the appetizer kabobs are also amazing! A little pricy for what you get but the food is really that tasty and its even healthy too!
Surprisingly good. Never had a piece of soy with so much flavor. I highly recommend.
Eggplant wins! Eggplant wins!
Eating here is awesome. The man that owns this is so nice. He always gives the girls at the table a little stuffed animal. He says for the kid in  you. Im SERIOUS!

The food is fresh, crisp, flavorful.
Makes you want to eat healthy all the time!
Great for a quick lunch, it takes just the right amount of time to come out. Not too soon where you wonder if it has sat under a heat lamp all day. 

The water is good, not like some places here where you can taste the pipes. 


LOVE THIS PLACE.
WISH THEY WOULD OPEN ONE IN GOOD OLD COUNTRY TOWN MESA/APACHE JUNCTION...HINT HINT!

Keep up the good work.
I wish they would replace all Mcdonalds with you!
Just delicious! Living in Keirland there isn't much to choose from that's on the vegetarian side. Fresh is a fun place with Asian/Vegan twist. 

The food is fresh the whole menu caters to a healthy diet. I went withe the Eggplant and wasn't disappointed. I will be stopping back soon.
Vegan food exists in Scottsdale Arizona although you may have to search for it between the PF Chang's and Cheesecake factories, it's still there. Mint Leaf has excellent food options and great service and the owner dishes out an occasional trivia question while you're waiting for your food.  I had the tofu rolls, soooo YUM!!!
I REALLY want to love this place. My favorite food is Thai. I am a Vegan. This place is only 3 miles from where I live. It is a Thai Vegan place I can drive to in 5 min!!! UGHHH....why can't I just give it 5 stars and be done with it.

I can't, I wanted to give it at least 4 stars just for the fact that it is a Vegan restaurant in Phoenix(and a decent location at that) but I have just not been blown away by FM. Price for portion sizes seems somewhat high. Service is usually always friendly and prompt, although when they first opened I think the owner was short staffed and seemed flustered.

The food is good here, I just haven't had anything remarkable. Based on reviews from my fellow vegans friends(ok I don't really know you but you are friends by default) I need to try some more dishes. It has very strong reviews so I must be missing something, can anyone help me? I feel so lost.

I will be sure to try this place a 6th, 7th, 8th time if needed in the near future and will update accordingly. I am really hoping I come back with a 4 or 5, no one wants this more then me Fresh.
So I gave Fresh Mint another try Friday night. My girlfriend got the Golden Soy Chicken, I got the Kung Pao. Service was great and friendly as usual. Another bonus is that brown rice is not more! Everyplace now charges more for the "unmolested" rice(if they even have it) and it's ridiculous.

Both dishes were great, the portions turned out to be perfect. Everything had good flavor, the Kung Pao was weak heat wise for me but will be perfect for most.

 The only reason this does not get 5 stars on my update is that it is a Vegan Thai/Vietnamese/Whatever place on the Phoenix/Scottsdale line with high end LA Vegan place prices. My Kung Pao was $14 dollars. It is one of the more expensive things on the menu but I had gotten other things and they had just been ok. 

If prices were a tad more reasonable then this place would be 5 stars for sure. I understand people need to make a living and you don't go into business to not make a profit but think of other Vegan places in the valley and their prices.
This place is really amazing.  I've been to a lot of vegetarian restaurants over the years and this is one of the best by far.  I just wish they were closer to Tempe where I live!  It's totally worth the drive though. We had the cucumber rolls (incredible!) and I had Pad Thai and my husband had the Kung Pao. Both were awesome.  Everything we got had amazing flavor and freshness. We had been going to Green and I have to say, this is better and worth the extra money. I didn't mind their prices because the food was really outstanding.
This place is AWESOME... I am a meat and potatoes kind of girl... a definite carnivore but I just keep having to return time and time again to this place. The Spicy Ginger Soy Beef and the Pad Thai are both excellent and the Mint Lemonade is refreshing. If you want to see how good vegetarian food can be this is THE place to go... If there were more places like this I could see being an occasional vegetarian (I couldn't give up meat completely).
In town to visit family, and we went to Fresh Mint for lunch. First off, the decor is a bit "in your face." Bright and odd. The "strip mall" references made by other reviewers are accurate. 

Service was S.L.O.W. until the man, who I think owns the restaurant, showed up to save the day. Still, it took a long time to get our food. 

We shared the summer rolls, which I think were below average. The wrappers were a bit mushy and I found the rolls to lack flavor. We also got some fried rolls (can't remember the name, but they had yucca root in them... Imperial Rolls maybe?) and they were pretty tasty. 

I ordered the Spicy Lemongrass Tofu lunch special. The salad was average "bag" salad, but I liked the dressing - flavorful with a kick. The tofu was yummy - in a curry coconut milk sauce - but it was ONLY tofu. I actually love tofu, but I was hoping for a few veggies. I would not order this again w/o requesting they add some broccoli or something. Just too rich of a dish for my taste. My brother got the kung pao chicken which looked Delicious. My husband had pad thai, which was pretty good. 

This place was definitely expensive. I was surprised, visiting from the Bay Area, that prices at this place, which resembles a semi-fast food establishment, were so high. Lunch for 6 of us was almost $100.
I lost my pho-ginity tonight to Fresh Mint and it was everything I dreamed of!
I have been thinking about and trying to get to this place for about a year now, but when a friend came in town and happened to be staying near the restaurant, I knew it was time. 

We both had soup- I had the pho and she ordered the sweet and sour. Both were delicious. I would actually walk from Chandler for that soup.
Next up was the lemongrass curry with tofu and eggplant. I think this dish was a little much for me. I would have liked it a little lighter on the sauce. The hot pot (made with brown rice) was perfect of a chilly (95*F) winter Arizona night.
Next time we'll have to go for the dessert. The mango pudding sounded amazing, but I'll never know as I have an unfortunate allergy to the fruit. Plantains are also on my list of things to try here.

I brought back the Kung Pao soy chicken for hubski. That was also tasty, but I have to agree with Caleb that it could have used more heat.

I would also like to mention that we went to this business because it is kosher. The vegan thing was a definite plus.

Delicious.
I'll be back.
Great! Will definately go back!
I'll admit... the thought of going to a vegan restaurant was a little scary for me. I'm no vegetarian, and a meal without a little meat just doesn't seem like a full meal. In fact going into Fresh Mint, we even made provisions to do a post-meal In-n-Out burger trip just to get our meat fix in for the night. As it turns out, we didn't need to make our 'meat run'... this vegan food is rockin! 

We got the kung pao soy chicken and a pad thai... both were very tasty. My soy chicken was so flavorful that if I wouldn't have known any better I'd have thought it was real chicken. The stand out here was the flavor... each dish seemed pretty perfectly seasoned; not too spicy but not too bland either. A lot of character and distinct tastes, which is always good. 

Service was pretty good, but nothing amazing. One funny thing that happened, and I don't know if this is a nightly thing or not... but they gave us a stuffed animal when we paid (weird lookin' thing). The guy that gave it to us actually said 'Guys get the check, girls get a doll'. Odd. 

Pretty solid place, although for the setting/decor it does seem a tad pricier than it should be. Give this place a shot!
My wife and I were in Phoenix for a conference and asked Yelp for help on a good vegetarian restaurant. We were not disappointed with Fresh Mint.

We started with the spring rolls (I think it was the Afghan rolls...can't quite remember) and they were better than average.

We shared two entrees. Pho and the Kung Pao Chicken. The Kung Pao Chicken was astonishing good and just this dish will give this restaurant a 5-star rating in my book. It may be one of the top 5 dishes I've ever had at a restaurant.
Fresh Mint is calling my name and I shall answer yet again!
I've been there numerous times and everything I have ever had has been wonderful!  
My favorite is the green papaya salad, mmm crunchy peanut-y scrumptiousness!
Three of us went to Fresh Mint today for lunch.  We did not like it.  We started with an order of Summer Rolls.  Yuck, they were a piece of tofu and shredded cabbage rolled in rice paper, served with a thick, unappealing peanut sauce studded with raw peanuts. Presentation was nice, but it did not taste like anything except cabbage wrapped in rice paper.  My companions each ordered Pad Thai and I had the Five Spice Pho.  The Pad Thai arrived first. I looked at it and was very happy I did not order it.  It looked like a plate of gummy sauce-covered glop.  Tasted as bad as it looked. My Five Spice Pho looked delicious, but did not have any flavor.  Adding the hot sauce that is served on the side, only added heat, but no flavor.  The broth tasted like water.  We did like the Mint Lemonade, but at $3.95 a glass, it was pretty pricey.  Our lunch bill came to $44.  Very expensive for what we were served.

Needless to say, I am crossing Fresh Mint off my list.  No reason to go back.  I gave it 2 stars out of respect for the Yelpers that think it is so great, but actually, I would rather give it one.  Vegetarian does not have to be bland and tasteless.
First, I have to say it's nice to have a restaurant cater to people who choose to eat meat-free. A tip 'o the hat for that...

Upon entering the restaurant, it just had a weird energy. It sort of felt like things were just thrown together. Anybody else notice the bad chi? I still decided to order food, but takeout instead of dining in because of the vibe. I went with the kung pao chicken. I can absolutely imagine some vegans/vegetarians not being able to stomach the texture of the faux meat here. I can only imagine all of the processing they do to turn the soy into what they serve. I don't know what kind of pact they made with the meat gods, but they have the texture and look down to a science. Literally. It made me wonder what kind of graduated cylinders, Bunsen burners and potions they have in the back, with some evil scientist, er, I mean chef at the helm. The array of vegetables in my entree looked and tasted fresh and the sauce was good and added with a light hand, which I appreciate. The portions were great, but NOT for the price. My meal was $13! No drink, no salad, no dessert. Er... Do you know how many burrito bowls that is?! Just saying...

All in all, I would go back, but I would steer away from the faux meat and focus on the salads (and the prices!).
Very good Kosher, vegan restaurant.  The owners are Jewish and Vietnamese, they lived in Hawaii and therefore their food is a little Hawaiian based.  There were 4 of us that ended up sharing 4 entrees so we could try a little of each. We had stuffed tomatoes, braised ribs, ginger soy chicken and pad thai.  All were exceptionally delicious.  You couldn't even tell the meat was imitation meat. The flavor was great and everything was made to order.  We had a big group so he put in a little bit of the orders at a time since they were freshly made.   I would highly recommend this place and will be back.
Had dinner at Fresh Mint last night.  We ordered a delicious green salad, eggplant curry & pad thai.  

The salad had a very light and flavorful citrus dressing, walnuts, cranberries, apples, etc...   I wish the portion was a little larger for $9, but it was very tasty.  

The pad thai had nice fresh veggies and was very good, but the curry was much better.  It was a little spicy, which I like, and was very flavorful.  It wasn't a coconut milk curry (or had very little) so it was a little different from most Thai green curries I've had, but I loved it. 

I definitely would go back to Fresh Mint.  The food was great and I like supporting family owned/operated restaurants, which are scarce in north Scottsdale!!
Most important, all four of us loved the food when we visited last week, even the meat-eaters among us. We each got something different. It was all good. I wouldn't say the fake meat is "just like meat" as someone else did. It's super delicious though.

We liked the clean fresh atmosphere. The restaurant had a great look, although it's decorated like one of those inexpensive places without servers. It's not -- it's a normal sit-down and be-served place with appropriate prices.

The owner/dad served us and was quite enthusiastic. He likes to pop over with jokes and doesn't notice if one of you is in the middle of a story. If you don't mind the interruption I suppose it's endearing?

I definitely recommend and will be back for sure. 

P.S. Try the Mango Coconut Tapioca. Yum! There aren't a lot of vegan dessert choices around the valley and this is a good one.
This restaurant epitomizes why I feel sorry for vegetarians.  I am an omnivore and I am neither afraid nor put-off by the idea of an all veggie meal. 

I will say that the restaurant is very clean and the staff is friendly but the food tends to be either bland or odd tasting and the service is painfully slow even when it is not busy. 

The only redeeming quality is that they cater to vegans (who don't know any better than to rate this 5 stars).  I guess it's working for them though.
our tummies were so empty and we were getting ornery from furniture shopping and look there...fresh mint!
the sign said something about fresh and healthy food and our other options were greasy pizza, chinese, or fast food. the place is small but busy. very bright atmosphere and the owner was full of zeal. 
i ordered the stuffed tomato dish and she the papaya salad. both prepared made to order and did not disappoint. 

the crunchy and cool, sweet, yet sour salad was fabulouso, and then our hot dish, the tomatoes with brown rice were amazing. we were full after 3/4 of the way but our mouths craved more so we cleaned both plates and were off again to deal with furniture salespeople. 

very reasonable at 25 bucks for two. we wanted to try deserts as they all looked tasty but belly too full.
The food. Was. AWESOME. 

I've been a vegetarian for a year, my boyfriend for over two years. After shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter H&M with my meat-eating best friend, we were absolutely famished. Because the food in that area is way too expensive for my pockets, my best friend recommended Fresh Mint to us. Because it was lunch time, we were able to get the lunch "to go" menu, which saved us a few bucks each. 

We all shared the Autumn roll, which was delicious but definitely not enough food for how much it cost.

My best friend got the Mongolian Soy Beef - it was fabulous! I absolutely hate most soy beefs and, while the taste wasn't perfect, the texture sure was! 

My boyfriend got the tofu curry - I am not a curry fan, so I didn't try it, but he loved it.

I got the kung pow soy chicken and dang, I was surprised. There was a perfect amount of food - not way too much; just enough. The consistency of the chicken was almost perfect (strings and all!), and the sauce was delicious. There were tons of veggies and the salad that came with it was awesome and light and fresh.

The owners are so sweet and friendly. I truly enjoyed eating there.

Oh, and one more thing - the BEST Arnold Palmer I've ever had! Fresh lemonade and fresh iced tea - deeelicious!
Great Food!  Even non-vegans and vegetarians will like this food.  It is family owned and operated.  The wife is the cook, made fresh to your order (nothing is pre-made).  The husband is the host and daughters work there as well. Everyone is very friendly.

The food can be made very mild to very spicy.  And the choices of fresh vegetables is always included in this Oriental Style cooking.

They have a very good lunch menu that is $8 and is very filling.  Drinks extra.  

So for lunch or dinner make a point of going and enjoying the food and staff.
There really needs to be more vegetarian restaurants in AZ! I feel like there is enough demand, so what gives? Chakra is still my favorite but they have such limited hours that I never get the chance to eat there. Fresh mint is amazing and their hours are much better but it's still very far from where I live, but luckily close to where I live. 

I agree with the consensus that their Kung Pao Soy Chicken is really good. In the future I'd really like to branch out and try some of their soups but I tend to stick with what works. The owner is usually there and helping the staff and he is really friendly and affable. Overall, fresh mint has an extensive menu, pretty reasonable prices and a nice interior. I hope they open more in the Central Phoenix area in the future!
I had the autumn spring rolls & the five spice pho. I LOVED it! I was so full I felt like my stomach would burst and I still wanted more it was so good. I've had "vegetarian" pho at another restaurant that the broth was bland and it was so overloaded with veggies it was distracting. They kept it simple with a sweet yet savory broth, veg meat (which was actually really good to my surprise), and even a vegan fish sauce. The owner (husband) was SO nice and even told me how to assemble my soup (which I already knew since I've had traditional pho many many times). The best thing is that everything on the menu is vegan (except for #31, which has egg noodles). I'm excited to go back and try some of the chef specials, they sound fantastic!
Fresh Mint rocks! Delicious food, a large variety of items on the menu, and it's all vegan except for the last entrée on the menu (#31 or #32 ?), which has egg noodles.

Their mock chicken is awesome! The perfect texture and chewiness. 

Their main course entrées are pretty large, so it's easy to split a meal with someone else.

Looking forward to going back to try some more items on the menu!
We literally live around the corner and I want to LOVE this place, but I have to just like it.  You definitely get a mix of great cooked food or ok bland, and I'm not sure if it's what you order, or who's cooking, or maybe when you go, but they are a bit inconsistent.  When it's on, it's great.  The service IS a little funny, and since it's such a small place, you have to deal with a personality.  Just roll with it... service is always good when someone means well!  
I still go regularly, but always with a "we'll see what we get" feeling.  It's never bad, so I disagree with the 1star review.  And there are SO few choices in Scottsdale, so take what you get or cook at home.  I would absolutely recommend that you try it for yourself, get a few different things and you'll enjoy.
HOT POT!

Last time I went to Fresh Mint, I ordered the Hot Pot, my new favorite. I tried a few other things on the menu since my first visit, all were delicious, but nothing was as good as the Hot Pot.

We started with the Pho, which apparently is pronounced "phu'uh", making my first review even funnier. I had no clue.
I progessed on to the Hot Pot (I may have already mentioned its deliciousness) and even got as far as dessert. The cake was magnificent. From what I heard, the mango tapioca was less fantastic. An allergy to mango kept me from trying that one.

I have and will continue to go back to Fresh Mint. This is the best fake meat in Phoenix and one of the best restaurants all around.
I was actually pretty disappointed with this one. I love the idea of healthy eating and vegan food but this one was just okay. Loving hut and green are much better. I was pretty surprised at the wonderful reviews on yelp. But I guess if you are vegan it is hard to find anywhere to eat. So myself being a meateater, I give it only 3 stars. And that was generious. But if you love vegan food like I do, try green or loving hut!
I stopped in here for lunch while killing time between appointments in the area. Its a cute, clean space and the man running the place greeted me warmly and inquired if it was my first visit. I said yes and told him I had seen the place before when in the area and had always wanted to give it a try. It was lunchtime on a Friday and it was busy, but service was top notch.
 They had lunch specials that someone at a table near me commented "must be new". I couldn't decide between the kung pao soy chicken and the eggplant dish, but the gentleman taking my order said the Kung pao was a restaurant fave, so I went with that. I'm not a vegetarian, but I sho eat faux meat!- and this was good. It came with a side salad and brown or white rice on the side, and for 8 bucks was a perfectly sized meal. The spice queen in me would have added srircha had it been around, but I didn't ask for it because it really wasn't necessary. There was plenty of sauce that had a little kick to it and being in a "healthy place" helped me reason that the added sodium was unnecessary. (Don't know about you, but i like to pretend I'm a health guru when surrounded by the like. Its my own fun game!) 
Bottom line- I really liked this place and asked for a to go menu to take to work bc I will return again for the eggplant!
Everything was really, really fresh. It's made to order so don't expect to being in and out in 20 minutes. I was surprised how tasty their veg pho was. Everyone eating around me seemed to enjoy it as well.
We have been once and would go back.  It's vegan, moderately priced, portions reasonable and you leave with a) no leftovers and b) feeling healthy and unstuffed.
My husband and I, visiting here from Washington, D.C., had a mixed experience at Fresh Mint. We both ordered soups (Pho and Fresh Garden Vegetable Soup) that were meh -- we were expecting bolder broths. Note that the "small" soups are actually huge portions. Luckily, the entrees were better. We each had tofu curries that were yummy and satisfying.The Golden Curry Vegetables is excellent, while the Fresh Lemongrass Tofu was solidly good. 

My husband used to manage restaurants, and he and I agree that the single thing that Fresh Mint could do to improve its restaurant is hire more employees. There seemed to be one hot cook, one cold prep cook, and one waiter (the owner, we think) for the entire restaurant, which was full at lunch hour. It took us 90 minutes for lunch from the time we walked in to the time we got our check -- too long for a weekday lunch. We were especially surprised that it took almost 30 minutes to get the soup appetizers, which are all pre-made, out of the kitchen. We had a leisurely schedule, but other diners might not. If you have the option of dining at Fresh Mint during non-rush times, it might be a better bet. The food was good, but we'd have to seriously weigh whether to make a return trip based on the time it took us to get served. 

I couldn't find Fresh Mint's Web site with a Web search before I went there, but it's http://freshmint.us.com.
I truly wish I could give this place 3.5 stars. I love the concept of this restaurant. I spoke with the chef/owner's husband who was our server and he mentioned that they have a few other Fresh Mint restaurants, one of which is in Hawaii. I ordered the cucumber rolls (appetizer) and my bf ordered the pho. It took an exceptionally long time to get our food after lunch rush hour. While I appreciate that everything is made when you order it... An hour seems like an aweful long time to wait for julienned veggies wrapped in raw cucumber with a side of peanut sauce. The pho followed a few moments later. I liked it but my compadres felt it was less than authentic. Bottom line... Go here if you are in the mood for healthy fair that's vegan friendly and you're not in a rush!
Very tasty. A bit pricey for the portion sizes, which isn't unusual for this neighborhood, but it is for a little casual placer like this. However, it's the only vegan restaurant on this side of town so it's worth it if you're craving a fresh, non-meaty treat.
The fried imperial rolls and the fried rice are pretty good. The last time I went in there the guy told me that there are a few of their items that arnt actually vegan, so if you are looking for something vegan make sure you ask. Its not the best vegan food ive had, but its still pretty good!!
The name is fresh mint however I did not see many mint items on the menu.

I  was in a hurry and got a to go order off the $8 lunch menu. The menu has many options for traditional veggie favorites to some with fake meat.
 I wanted to give a faux cow a try and I went with the Mongolian beef. It took about 6 min and I was given my 3 compartment Styrofoam box.

Inside the main compartment was the Mongolian beef with fancy cut carrots onions and celery. Brown rice on the side (a nice no charge up grade) and a small salad. Not bad for $8.

The Mongolian beef was decent not evident it was faux cow, the veggies were crisp the sauce was a bit bland however. The rice was cooked well and the salad was fresh and crisp. The portion size was a bit smaller than some one of my size would like.
 
That is the key to "healthily food", less food what a great business model.
If I had to describe this place in one word, that word would be "AWESOME." Really stretching my vocab there, huh? My inability to muster clever language at 6 am aside, this place really is great. I'm always on the lookout for good vegetarian places and this one was no disappointment. 

I was in Scottsdale, AZ for the weekend visiting some relatives and my mom and I decided to try this place for lunch (after I had found it using the "nearby" search function of Yelp. And guess what? There was another group dining while we were there and we overheard them say they also found the place on Yelp. Fresh Mint needs one of those stickers on the front door that says "People Love Us On Yelp."

Like I said, this place is vegetarian and probably 90% vegan. So vegans, be not afraid. I ordered the Mushroom Wonder and a bowl of the Vietnamese Hot and Sour Soup, and my mom ordered the Rainbow Wonder with Vegetable soup in a garlicy broth. Both were delish. And from looking over the menu I surmised there probably wasn't a dish that wasn't tasty. Everything looked so good.

This place is mid-priced. Not cheap as dirt, but the food was worth every penny. The owner was super friendly and the atmosphere was clean, fresh, and inviting. My ONLY knock on this place and maybe the reason I didn't give it a 5th star, is that the service was slow. Quite slow. They could probably use another staff member or two during peak hours, but it was just the husband and wife owners and one other employee for Saturday lunchtime. If you're on the go and really need something quick - you're probably better off hitting up the Subway next door. But if you have some time to sit down and enjoy and great lunch or dinner, Fresh Mint is THE place!
Tried the kung pao soy chicken to go.  The lunch special comes with a scoop of rice, and small portion of salad.  The outstanding feature is the flavorful sauce which complements the soy chicken and veggies very well.  The veggies and chicken themselves are prepared very well.  The veggies are not too hard or soft, and the chicken is tender.  While the mock chicken was good, I still could detect that it was faux chicken in texture and taste.
This place could have been amazing, I'll never know.

My husband, who is vegetarian/vegan, and I, being Vietnamese, thought this would be a great place to try during our visit to PHX this past weekend. 

The trouble started when the owner, a white man, asked me why I didn't have a "vietnamese nose". I was taken aback, and did not know how to respond. I said, "what do you mean?" he replied, "you know, wider and flatter. You know, my wife is Chinese and raised in Vietnam." I was flabbergasted. I mean, I know he wasn't intending to be hurtful or borderline racist or whatnot, but it really bothered me that he felt he could say this to a complete stranger, let alone a patron in his restaurant, and that he felt justified simply because his wife is asian?? All I could muster up was "uhhh you'll find that people can look a variety of ways."  

I don't know, even though he apologized, my husband and I were left with a very bad taste in our mouths and we ended up leaving before we could order. 

The owner was just weird, unprofessional, and inappropriate. It doesn't matter if the food is good, we weren't even able to get to that point.  It all turned out great though, because we ended up going to Green (see my review) that was close by, and it ended up being even better.
We are always on the hunt for vegan fare so dropped in to Fresh Mint for lunch.  We expected to find the usual sandwiches and soups.  Instead we had a whole menu of asian cuisine, beautifully prepared and presented while seated at a table with a real tablecloth.  Who knew?  We'll be back.
I had lunch here and had a pleasant experience. I had the Kung Pao Soy Chicken lunch special for $8.00. It was not only freshly prepared and delicious but had generous portions that included salad and brown rice. I had the Iced Thai coffee as well that was just as tasty. 
The owner was friendly. The service was good even through a busy lunch rush. I will go back to try other items.
I was compelled to try Fresh Mint based on its healthy and appetizing menu.  I am happy to report that I wasn't disappointed.  While the pictures on the internet led me to believe the restaurant was more upscale, it was a clean and cozy space located in one of Scottsdale's many strip malls.

I started off dinner with an appetizer of cucumber rolls - light and tasty.  For my entree, I tried the curry apple tofu with brown rice.  It was flavorful and filling.  The portion size was just right.   Against my better judgment (as I mentioned, the entree was filling), I went in for dessert.  The coconut mango tapioca could have been skipped.  The flavor was okay but the consistency was runny for my tastes.

Overall, I found Fresh Mint delightful.  The owner was extremely attentive and personable.  I will definitely return when I'm in town.
I pass this shopping center every day on my way to work and read some great things on Yelp. One of my best friends is vegetarian so I thought it would be nice for us to try it out. We got there around 12:15 yesterday and grabbed the last remaining table. We were greeted promptly and had our order taken within about 5 minutes after being seated. I ordered the fried spring veggie rolls ($6) that were delicious. I kept snacking off the fried crispy pieces of the sides. 

For lunch, I had ordered the curry tofu and potatoes ($8). It came with carrots mixed in the curry sauce with rice and salad. I equally enjoyed the salad and curry sauce over the rice. I didn't care for the spongy tofu and would have liked more vegetables in the curry rather than just potatoes and carrots. This lunch was just okay. 

The service was horrible. I didn't get my lunch until 12:50 p.m. The owner was aware of it and apologized but apologies don't prevent me from getting back to work on time. When we were ready to pay, it took forever for him to pick up the check. My friend had to flag him down to get his attention. Very irritating. Timely service in a restaurant is important to me. I would have average food and phenomenal service, as opposed to, phenomal food and terrible service. 

Overall, the food was decent/mediocre at times with terrible service. It's doubtful I would go back.
I've been to Fresh Mint several times over the past years and always have a great meal. Having changed jobs, I find myself in that part of town less, but revisited last week with a vegetarian friend and a girlfriend who dabbles. I, on the other hand, enjoy being an omnivore, but regardless of culinary position, this place is just plain great. I'm amazed at how flavorful the sauces are and the menu is fairly diverse with great choices. It's run by a husband/wife team who do the serving and cooking, so you're basically eating their home-cooked meals. I've heard it is also a Kosher certified restaurant, so you know you're getting quality food.
The food is always great, and I love their lemonade. But wait time during lunch is an issue. If there's only two of us, or God forbid it's just me, I often feel like the owner finds it a burden to seat me. Not a good impression.
If I like a restaurant, I make it popular. I have the habit of dragging all my friends to the places I like.This my mission with Fresh mint. As I have no friends in Scottsdale, I need help from fellow yelpers This place is real good!!

 If you go to Fresh mint, make sure you try the fried rice in a clay pot...it stay hot for the whole time you eat it....tastes YUM!! Their fresh rolls are to die for... to top it all off, the service is just out of the world! Go there and I am sure you won't be disappointed.
Fresh Mint is a really great place to get a warm, filling vegetarian/vegan meal! I always start out with some of their garden vegetable soup - it's made with a ginger broth that tastes and feels amazing. I always get it when I'm sick, and I highly recommend it!

I also love their stir-fried noodles. The service is great and everything is delicious! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.
Went for the 1st time it was pretty busy for lunch on a Monday (considering its fairly new) owners were active in and out of the kitchen, which is always nice to see. Had some good lunch options for a reasonable $8 (comes with small salad and side of rice) I disliked the nickel and dimeing. I added egg rolls and an iced tea and ended up with a just shy of $18 bill... for lunch!! The food was good though. And it's one of the ONLY vegan options within a 5 mile radius of my house that's not a fancy sit down joint. So I'll definitely return. Happy Eating!!!
Let me start out by stating that I am not vegetarian or vegan. I will eat (or at least try) anything. That being said, this food was amazing.

I had their Spicy Lemongrass Tofu (extra spicy!) with brown rice, and I could not find a single thing wrong with the dish. Being a lunch special ($8 for a perfect portion -- amazing, right?) it came with the rice (no upcharge for brown!) and a salad. The dressing on the salad was just right; not too bold, not too bland, just delicious. Then the main meal... wow. First off, I was impressed by the spice, which doesn't happen often. I'll eat some crazy spicy things, so when I ask for "extra spicy," I want them to bring the heat... and bring it they did! Now I'm not saying this was nuclear hot. It was, again, just right. A couple beads of sweat formed on my forehead, but it didn't interrupt the flavor at all or leave my mouth feeling like Death Valley. Moving on from that, the flavor was incredible, the portion was just the right amount to fill me up; I could not find a single flaw with the food.

The only warning I will give is, beware the lunch rush! This place is small and has great food, which means it *will* fill up! This can make service a little bit slow at times when they get overwhelmed, but it is well worth the wait if you've got the time.
This was my first vegan/vegetarian restaurant experience. I had the Pad Thai noodles with tofu. I am not a fan of tofu, the texture never seems to be firm enough. However, I found myself uttering the most amazing sentence, "I'm so full but I MUST eat this last piece of tofu."  Yep, it was that good. Unless you must have meat, you should give this place a try.  Oh, and the Jasmine tea (iced or hot) was good as well.
I ended up having " soy" chicken , not a place for meat lovers , less quantity ..
The most prominent flavor in the food here is the produce, which is fine when you're using high quality produce, but I ordered Pad Thai and expected to taste at least SOME peanut sauce. The Udon noodles were extremely overcooked, soggy, and watery. The best thing I had was the Thai iced tea, but even that wasn't worth the $3.95 price tag. Lunch was about $30 total for two people and two iced teas-- not worth it.
First off, let's give some praise to the concept: A vegan, vietnamese-style, Kosher restaurant? That's the coolest thing I've heard since someone explained nonstick frying pans to me. Unfortunately, the service can be a bit slow, and a bit weird, but you've got to give them some credit for opening a place like this.

Most of the dishes are composed of rice/noodles, steamed veggies, and one of their vegan meats like chicken, beef, ribs, fish, etc., doused in sauce. It's awesome sauce (saucesome?) but it pretty much negates a lot of the healthier aspects of the dish. Why not wait to add those extra calories with some vegan carrot or chocolate cake instead? As far as recommendations, the lemongrass tofu rolls and green papaya salad are both light, filling and fresh tasting dishes. If you're a sauce-o-holic, opt for the tasty BBQ citrus spare ribs or soy fish in a clay pot.

....For those of you who don't want to read any of that, refer to the short & sweet version below:

Concept: hell yeah.
Service: weird.
Selection of "meat": awesome.
Vegan desserts: much appreciated.
Dishes: varied & satisfactory.
Sauces: too heavy.
Overall: 3.5 stars. I'll probably go back at some point.
Great food. Owners are fantastic. I would eat hear all the time if I lived closer. Great place if your tring to eat healthy!
I never leave reviews but I always check Yelp for reccomendations on good eats.  I HAD to leave a review for this place because the food is OUTSTANDING!  The owner and his wife and daughter were all working and were all extremely friendly (they're form Hawaii) and the food was very flavorful and perfectly cooked and presented.  I have been veggie for 7 years now and haven't found a place I love this much since I lived in NYC.  Oh and they're mango pudding for dessert was to die for.  5 stars awesome place!  I would go every day if it was more convenient to me.
Yummy! $8 for a healthy and delicious lunch.  Good portion size, not huge, not too small.  Had the Eggplant with Basil.  Looking forward to trying the veggie kabobs next time.
Eek! Methinks not, indeed!

Okay, I never usually give a place a 1 star because I have this moral dilemma with it... BUT, I also never usually walk out of a restaurant. 

So, I walked in, was awkwardly greeted, and told to have a seat. It was lunch time, so the place was full, but not overflowing with stressed out customers. In all honesty, it was a typical lunchtime scenario inside. 

*I'd also like to note that I read reviews for slower than average service, so I was prepared to wait a little extra to try the food*

Once I sat down, I noticed the server bringing menus over to the patrons that entered immediately before me, but he never came over with one for me. I decided to patiently wait for the next five minutes. That's when I started overhearing the conversation at the table next to me, and to sum it up:

I don't know if we can stay and eat, we might have to get it to go.. We've been waiting a long time.

Again, that's not verbatim, but it's exactly along those lines. I figured the reviews were right about the food prep times, and continued to wait. 

After a few more minutes passed by, another couple walked in, were acknowledged and seated, and after a minute, they were given menus (This is about 8-10 minutes in). It was then that the server came over with water for the first couple that had walked in before me. He then walked back to the drink area and brought out two more glasses of water for the couple that came in almost ten minutes after me. With no menu, water or sense of appreciation for wanting to spend my money at Fresh Mint, I got up and walked out.

A good way to lose a customer is to not serve them. With service complaints since 2008 on Yelp, I really think something needs to be done. That was unbelievably insulting.
Decided to stop in here and do a review before heading over to my networking event. Warm inviting place, delicious scents of the spices used in the dishes teases your appetite as you enter through the door.   Mom and pop restaurant, eat here to support local businesses. Hubby is going the way of vegetarian and vegan so I will definitely be back with him and my son to try out this restaurant!
We stopped in for some tasty vegan fare the other day, and man oh man was it delicious!  We both ordered the fresh lemonade, which I gulped down in 2 seconds...yeah, it was that good! We started with the Lotus Salad (lotus root,carrots, cabbage, etc. lots of crunch) which was to die for! The flavors were spot on and the colors in the dish were nice and vibrant. I ordered a spicy lemongrass soup with noodles and tofu and the little woman ordered a mock-beef lemongrass noodle entree, both of which were superb.  The only reason I'm giving this place four stars instead of five is because the dessert was kind of a bust.  We ordered one slice of carrot cake and a slice of chocolate cake.  They ended up being out of the carrot cake, totally not a big deal (even though my heart was a little broken over it) so we ordered 2 slices of the chocolate cake.  They were rather huge and looked tasty, but the cake itself was suuuuper dry, almost like I was chewing on...well something not soft.  I worked in a vegan restaurant back in the day and have totally had soft and moist vegan cakes.  The cake had many layers that were filled with frosting and fruit fillings. I felt like it kind of lacked flavor and I think they can do better.  I wouldn't get the cake again, but the rest of the meal was fantastic and the service was good, too.
This place was solidly good. My husband and I ate here when passing through Scottsdale. We actually saw the sign and pulled over because we realized how hungry we were. 

We shared autumn rolls, which were cut up like sushi. They were quite fresh and the sauce was good.

We each had an item from the lunch express menu. I had the Eggplant with Basil and he had the Mongolian Soy Beef. Both came with brown rice and a salad. I really liked the portions - they were just right. The eggplant was wonderfully tender and the dressing on the salad was tasty. 

The only downsides were that service was a little slow (though quite friendly) and my husband thought the water had a bad smell/taste and he couldn't drink it.

If we are in Scottsdale again, we'll go back.
Definitely a solid lunch time choice. I should note, I did not dine-in, but I got the vegetable curry to-go. Oh my. Pleasantly surprised, the curry wasn't too spicy, just right. The salad that comes with the lunch special, was simple but had amazing flavor, and they gave me the choice of brown or white rice. The lunch special cost me about $8.74 (including tax). 

I hadn't really read any reviews on yelp or other sites, just looked at the star count on Urbanspoon. I decided to take a leap of faith on this place, and I was definitely NOT disappointed. Will be returning and trying some of their other dishes.

For right now, as it's what I had for lunch. I would definitely recommend the Golden Vegetable Curry. It's the right amount of food, without stuffing your stomach too full. I also feel like I made a good healthy decision by eating here instead of fast food, however, my order only took about 10 minutes to make (so still pretty damn fast). 

One last thing, this place is vegan. They serve soy beef and soy chicken for some dishes, but there is no meat. I am giving them 4 stars for right now, as I have only tried one dish, but so far I'm impressed.
My ball and chain has been training for a half marathon and therefore, I have been suffering the onslaught of veggies and non-fried fare. So let's just say I wasn't thrilled at his choice for lunch. 

And then I ate my words. And my veg. 

We started with the summer rolls and they were yummy. I didn't miss the meat at all. The peanut dipping sauce was tasty, although a little thick... which was actually nice. I had the Pad Thai as an entree and the salad that came with it was super fresh and tasty. I usually like my salad served with a side of lettuce and enough other junk to qualify it as not so healthy (hello, blue cheese!). This salad was good and it didn't leave me missing anything. The Pad Thai wasn't as spicy as I usually like, but the broccoli on top made up for it. Ryan had the Chicken and veg. Well, the SOY chicken and veg. I couldn't help but crack a joke about what I like to have when I'm craving some chicken.... actual chicken. I have to admit the soy chicken was good and the texture was stellar. His had more spice and was super tasty. 

Top it off with a hot cup of Jasmine tea and I was happy. 

We'll definitely be back.
This is my wife's favorite place. As a vegan the food is spectacular, the rolls, the soup the vegan pepper steak mmmmmm. 

But I must admit the service is pretty awful expect to wait and wait and wait. Expect to get thirsty because getting a drink let alone a refill is nearly impossible. 

If the owner is working he tries but always seems overwhelmed. If the waitress they have is working you should bring your own drink and don't expect anything more than a head nod. She is as pleasant as a brick wall. 

But the food, oh that food .  . .  it's worth it!
Awesome vegetarian Pho, summer rolls and thai iced tea. I crave this food! It's my favorite vietnamese style...with lots of other options too.
Consistent.  Fresh Mint offers a very consistent product. 

This is a vegetarian restaurant with a Kosher designationl. The menu is Asian, with traditional dishes served with tofu or just veggies.  The tofu is flavored/shaped as with it's more traditional dish (i.e. Kung Poa has chicken-flavored tofu, Beef dishes taste more like beef).  Personally, I prefer plain tofu over flavored and they will substitute to your taste.  Also, for GF'ers, they do have some dishes that are GF (no soy sauce--such as curries).  No upcharges for any subs or even brown rice...

At lunch, hardly a seat is available. It's nice to see that this is more crowded than the fast food joint that is closer to the street.  A slight tention can be felt for the business of the staff; however, this restaurant is consistant every time...it's worth trying folks.
Ok, you know you love a place when you've been there twice in one week.  The first time I went I got the Fresh Island Green Salad and Fried Imperial Rolls.  The second time: the Curry Apple Tofu and the Fried Imperial Rolls.  (As you can tell I adore the rolls!)  What I love about this place is that they give a generous amount of food AND it's good!  A lot of veggie places go a little too far with the "portion control" lol!  The presentation is thoughtful and creative.  The man who takes your order is friendly and playful too.  This place definitely is an instant fave :)
Fresh Mint is definitely a vegetarian's restaurant.   For a meat eater, not so much. However, I wanted fresh veggies so I thought I would finally check out the joint.   I ordered the spring rolls and Pad Thai.   Love the spring rolls! Fresh veggies with tofu wrapped in rice paper and cut into nice pieces which makes it easy to eat.  The peanut sauce was really good.  Pad Thai came out steaming hot!  However, taste wise I prefer a Thai pad thai, meaning spicy! Spicy missing from the noodle dish.  It was still good, sweet, and perfectly cooked veggies however, it needed a kick!  Not bad, I will still try another dish there another lunch time, the pho looked good.
My second time here was as good as the first.   This place seats about 40 people but only three booths.  The rest are 4 top tables with about 4 tables on the patio.  This place is nothing special to look at, located on a pad in a strip shopping center but, the food is very, very good.

Tonight we had the spring rolls, summer rolls, pad thai, and kung pao chicken.  All the dishes were just perfect with the fresh vegetables cooked to perfection.  Portions are generous and the price is right.

This is a vegetarian joint so be aware, the chicken is NOT chicken.  It is run by a husband and wife team out of Hawaii (wife cooks, husband serves)and they definitely have their following of regulars.  The muzak is 60s-70s generation which I enjoyed.

Great value, great food.  Will be back for sure.
Try the lemonade with mint.  yummmm!     The food is very fresh, but depending on what you're looking for ......it's more asian than vegetarian in my opinion.
I ordered takeout from here recently...and it was delicious! I phoned in my order during a busy dinner time, so it was a bit chaotic and the food took a longer than they had quoted me, but it was worth the wait. I had the imperial rolls, which are like veggie-filled non-greasy egg rolls, and the pad thai. I wasn't sure about a vegetarian pad thai without chicken/shrimp, but neither was missed because the flavor was amazing. Definitely will be ordering food from here again--just maybe during a less busy time.
Enjoyed their autumn roll with ginger sauce and tasted my friend's dish with tamarind sauce.  Both tasty, healthy, light lunch fare.
The food here is amazing! I have been here several times both during the work week and on the weekend.

This is not a good place to come and dine-in if you have limited time (such as a lunch break). The service is pretty slow. Even slower if there are a lot of people dining during a peak time. I recommend calling for takeout if you are on a tight schedule.

If you have plenty of time and don't mind waiting a little while, I feel that it is worth it. Everything I have tried has been very good. My favorite is the Sesame Soy, which is teriyaki-style tofu with sesame seeds sprinkled on top, with a side of rice and steamed vegetables.

One thing I found a little weird, though it isn't necessarily a bad thing, was that they only give forks to eat with. They have other utensils if you need them, but you have to ask.

I am not a vegetarian anymore, but I still greatly enjoy vegetarian and vegan food. I recommend this place to pretty much everyone if they enjoy good, clean food and don't mind a little wait to get it.
Outstanding food, fresh and delicious. Phoenix is desperate for more restaurants such as this. My only complaint was with the somewhat confused service on a quiet evening, but I'm betting they were just having an off-night. Well-worth the drive from any part of the Valley.
I went here a while ago and forgot to write a review.  It was ok but not great.  The atmosphere was very sterile, food was good and service was ok.  I was glad we weren't in a rush as the service definitely wasn't fast.  I would go back again and give it another try.
We like to get take out from here on occasion. The service is friendly enough and the food is Yummers but my gripe is the pricing :p 

$14 for a veggie hot pot?? The food is good, can't complain but it's just hard to see where they justify this kind of pricing. 

We will come back again I'm sure....my wallet just needs some recovery time though...
We drive out to eat at this place!  Very good food.  Very nice service!  The food is always really good!  Love it!
Delicious kosher food in Scottsdale?  Vegetarian? Awesome!

We go to this restaurant regularly.  The food is always great.  The service, as many other yelpers have mentioned, can be excruciatingly slow some times.  I will say that in the last month or so, they have hired some more waiters and those boys are hustlin'.  It's an improvement, but I agree with others who have said this might not be a good choice if you are short on time.

I like the Ginger Soy Beef, Veggie Hot Pot, Kung Pao Chicken and so on and so on.  The food is very good, but not super spicy how I like it.  I would recommend this spot for the great food and the improvements in service.
I got the lotus shoot salad and my friend had the fresh lemongrass tofu--which is actually fried. Mine was alright. Hers was pretty good. But it was all sort of lackluster and boring. It just seemed like something you could get anywhere.
Although it's on Scottsdale Rd I must admit it'd be easily overlooked given it's located in the center of a strip mall.  The dining area is small but bright.  Upon entering at lunchtime I found a full house but was welcomed with a smile.  Thankfully there was a small table in the rear that was perfect for me since I was dining alone.

Per their website, Fresh Mint puts a Vietnamese twist on regular vegetarian dishes.  All of their dishes are 100% vegetarian and made only when ordered to guarantee freshness. 

Although I could order off of the regular menu I was grateful for the lunch menu that offered several of their main dishes for a lunch time price, which also helped me narrow down my entree of choice. One drawback I found is that the regular dinner prices of entrees cost up to  $14, which is more expensive than I'd like to pay for the location and ambiance of Fresh Mint.  This is not necessarily something that would keep me from eating here but I would definitely keep in mind. Maybe I'll just stick to lunch.

Ultimately I chose the Kung Pao Soy Chicken that contains spicy classic Kung Pao sauce with garlic, white and green onions, soy chicken, zucchini, bell pepper, carrots and peanuts

I patiently waited for my food while I enjoyed watching the hustle and bustle of the lunchtime crowd.  In addition, my seat was located right next to the bar where the rolls and salads were being prepared.  Soon my lunch arrived.
I've found that I prefer my tofu pretty well done and not squishy inside, so I'm always hesitant to try new dishes...but my tofu was done perfectly!  With that being said, I'm sure you're not surprised that I ate every morsel of food on my plate.
4 stars for : healthy, vegan, TONS of options, something for the noodle person and something for the salad person, lunch special options and a gluten-free menu. Mostly for the fact that it's vegan and doesn't do all crappy vegan processed food... 

I've been here twice and both times ordered carry out - first time was so long ago that I can't recall what I had besides a thai iced tea. 

 Today I opted for their Fresh Mint Salad ($8), and I wanted it to be more traditional Vietnamese so I ordered vermicelli noodles on the side ($3-4). I was hoping the salad would be a bit more 'shredded' rather than diced, but it was good. The flavors are somewhat bland -- they don't use too many spices, herbs, (NO MSG) etc but I was really needing a good, clean, light taste. I also got their thai iced tea (made with coconut milk) - $4. Their thai iced teas are PHENOMENAL, but they are pricey comparatively (which is FINE BY ME! as long as I know it's vegan and not made with crappy condensed milk).

All in all - the food is healthy and light - but don't expect robust/rich/salty/greasy/oily tastes as you would expect in your local Chinese/Asian veggie stir fry. (Hey guys, that means it's better for you). Their noodle/stir fry may be different altogether, but that's not the vibe I got. It's a bit pricier than the average lunch if you order off the regular menu -- otherwise they have $8 lunch specials (but it's vegan and healthy-- to me that's worth it). 

I'd like to come back and try one of the lunch specials or entrees. I liked it. I didn't LOVE it, but I'd come back. Psst, they also have a gluten free menu! YAY. 

Cons: I wish they'd stop using styrofoam containers and plastic bags.
Having heard many fantastic reviews, I was eager to make the 40 minute trek from Old Town to Fresh Mint for some delicious vegetarian food. However, after my experience, I can confidently say that I wouldn't come back to this restaurant even if it were 5 minutes away. To begin, the place was empty and our server was sitting at a table reading a book when we walked in. She seemed peeved that we were there, and dropped the menus on the table without a single greeting. After taking our order (pad thai and colorful vegetables) she went behind the counter and played on her phone for the entire duration of our visit. Not fantastic service. In terms of the food: The sauce in both dishes was too sweet to eat, and the food was just bland and lacked flavor. I had to yell across the restaurant to get my server's attention for sriacha, and when she brought it to the table, there was only a teaspoon of sriacha in the ramekin. Now, I frequent many restaurants and I myself work in the industry, so I know what good food and good service is. Fresh Mint lacked in both of these areas. It's a shame.
This place is legendary!

Back-story:
So my mom desperately needed a break from taking care of my father who just had a total knee replacement and I decided to take her out to lunch. Now, my mom is a picky eater and generally only goes to the same three restaurants for lunch and dinner, so when I asked her where she wanted to go and she deferred the question back to me, I responded in a sarcastic tone "Fresh Mint, its a vegan restaurant that is pretty amazing," thinking she would ignore the suggestion and say "let's go to Chili's". Well, I don't know know if she was high on my Dad's Vicodin or the world is indeed ending in December of 2012, but she actually agreed and off we went to the strip mall on Thunderbird and Scottsdale.

Restaurant-story:
The restaurant itself is small, but because two of the walls are glass windows it doesn't give you a claustrophobic feel and somehow the neon green and bright purple walls (which had a giant metal mint leaf on it) help out as well. There are three booths, which could sit four (skinny people) comfortably, four four-top tables, and four two-top tables, with a few tables outside. 

We were greeted immediately by one of the co-owners (the husband) who let us choose where we would like to sit (there was only one table occupied) and handed us our menus. My mother ordered a plain iced tea and I decided to mix it up and go with their Thai iced tea. This deliciousness consists of Thai tea, a little bit of sugar, and coconut milk. I found it to be super sweet and rich that it should be considered a dessert as opposed to a routine drink with meals.

The portions here are a decent size and the lunch time prices are perfect. We split the Fresh Autumn Rolls($6), Fresh Island Green Salad ($9), and the Steamed Veggies served with a side of peanut sauce. Everything was so fresh tasting and even my mother enjoyed everything! She actually said she would come back to this place for lunch anytime, leaving Fresh Mint legendary in my book!
This place is locally owned, has a lengthy menu, and serves fantastic vegan/vegetarian food. If you haven't been you seriously need to give it a try. One of my favorite restaurants for years.
A friend and I discovered this place because we're always on the search for places that offer gluten free options. They have a large gluten free menu that I was very impressed with. We ordered the autumn roll, sweet and sour soup, lemongrass curry, and the coconut tapioca for desert. The food was GREAT! My favorite was the soup. 

We went on a Saturday night at around 6:30pm, the place wasn't full but had a good amount of people. When we walked in we weren't sat or greeted by anyone. Since this was our first time, we made our way to the cash register assuming that's where we ordered. Told the man it was our first time, ordered our food. He thought we were ordering to-go since we ordered at the register, we told him no, we were dining in and then he sat us. After that, the service was great. The food came out quickly and the server was nice and attentive. To be fair, there was only one person taking the orders and another running the food. 

Definitely will be coming back here because the food was just top notch. Highly recommended!
very good and lovely service.
we had the pho (not the best I've had but we certainly devoured it)
the kung pao chicken (very good!)
and the citrus spare ribs (also quite good)

I will say that if you're craving the spare ribs after hours i used to buy a substitute at whole foods that tastes just like it. same company also makes a pepperblack steak option that might be similar to the one on the menu here. But nothing to compare with the kung pao chicken!
I was excited to visit this vegetarian restaurant during a recent visit after reading great reviews on yelp and I was not disappointed!
I had the ginger/citrus ribs and in a word, it was YUMMY.
I was really excited to try this place but I just wasn't a fan.  First of all the bathroom had no soap for me to wash my hands.  The owner seemed really frazzled that he had just stocked the soap in there and maybe someone stole it.  He was helpful in getting some but it was still annoying.

Then the dish I ordered was not good at all.... Hot Pot.  I'm sure it was an issue of personal tastes vs. quality but the whole vegetarian fake fish grossed me out.

The prices are a bit high and I just won't be going back.

Oh, I also tried the lemonade (expensive and I couldn't see or taste any mint in it.)
for a vegan place, it's decent.  their menu is a combination of thai and vietnanese inspired cuisine.  my only complaint is that their portions relatively small and it's a little pricier.
Amazing food! I frequent this place often. Their dishes are tasty and filling. Everything is fresh and made right when you order it!
This place is just okay - nothing amazing. We have liked our food here, but it was nothing out of this world.
Awesome place must do in Phx!!!
I see that other people here have had a similar experience as myself. The food is well-prepared, but it's nearly imposssible to get service! When I was there, I saw only 5 other people in the place. There were two waiters, and the owner, and the cook in the kitchen. I had to get up out of my seat to get noticed. The wait staff just stood there are stared at the ceiling. What? Not ever glancing over at the customers. 
When I paid my check, the owner NEVER came back with my change. I had to get up (again) and ask for my change. He didnt even remember I paid him. Again, the place was not crowded. The food is average. Certainly not better than what I can prepare at home!
I've only been here once but the time I went, I felt the food was a bit expensive for what we got. It's not bad and the staff is incredibly nice, but it didn't impress me in particular.

Also, when when I ordered the egg roll and asked how many pieces we get, the server told me 8. When the eggroll came, it was just two eggrolls cut into 8 tiny pieces. Haha...what the hell.
UPDATE!

One of my favorite dinners to pick up is (was) Fresh Mint's vegetable fried rice, which in my numerous other experiences consisted of rice, vegetables, tofu, and veggie meat all pan-fried in some kind of sauce/seasoning. I ordered this tonight, choosing once again to overlook the ridiculous prices and terrible customer service for some delicious food. When asked which kind of rice I wanted, I said brown, and I asked for the onions to be removed. 

I was told my food would be ready in 20 minutes, so I arrived in 30, knowing FM's slow nature, only to be told (not very politely) that my food was still cooking and to wait. 25 minutes later, I finally got my food, paid, and left without so much as a "thank you for waiting" or "sorry for the wait". Oh well, at least I knew my food would be as amazing as always.

 I rushed home, and alas! It was time to chow down on my.... burnt and unseasoned WHITE rice, chock-full of onions, missing the veggie meat, and with only 3 pieces of tofu?! Uh oh.

Lesson learned: the drive and the money you'll spend to eat from Fresh Mint will get you nothing more than almost an hour of wasted time and food far different and worse than what you ordered. And after I've supported you all these years, FM? Sigh.
I ordered the pad thai. it was pretty tasty. Seems to be a family run restaurant. Very nice staff, but they all looked overly stressed and hectic which I understand running a small business. If i'm ever in the area i'll check them out again but its just too far of a drive for me to stop by all the time.
Excellent food,vegetables cooked perfectly! Kung pow soy chicken very tasty...good service will visit again.
BACK STABBED - THIS FOOD IS NOT FOR VEGGIES OR VEGANS !! 

"This is NOT for the extremely high prices for the food."

These people are adding eggs in their cakes and other items and serves along vegan dishes. They asked us to try some vegan desserts after main course and we ordered carrot cake (they did not tell us this before that they had eggs in it)

I heard somebody talking and asking ingredients and I also asked and then they disclosed. I was seriously annoyed with this service. When I asked owner why the hell they are serving this nonsense cakes to cheat on customers, and he explained proudly that they are kosher and no vegan bakeries in Scottsdale, AZ!! I explained two times that why cake is so important!  Can't they serve vegan desserts apart from cake s if they are not available, in a vegan restaurant and he could not understand or accept it.

I see a clear strategy to make couple of more dollars on every order without notifying customers in the name of cakes having eggs.

BEWARE THIS IS NOT A VEGAN RESTAURANTS IT HAS ANIMAL INGREDIENTS IN MANY OF THEIR ITEMS!!!

I had drunk lots of salt with hot water later on and had 3-4 vomits after it by manually inserting fingers in my throat to clean my stomach.

NEVER VISIT AGAIN!
My husband and I went for the first time this weekend. My husband was admittedly skeptical but gave in for my birthday lunch. Skipping ahead the food was far beyond what we expected and we ate ever single morsel on our plates. We were tempted to order more to take with us except it was a but pricey, so we are definitely looking forward to going back,soon. Service was fast and very nice people,none of the awkwardness I had read about in other reviews. Food delicious and beautifully presented. Very happy to have finally tried this place.
The only things that I don't like about this place are the prices and the wait. Other than that its amazing!
Nice find in the Phoenix suburbs.  Kind of an Asian version of Green.  Lots of vegetarian dishes to choose from.  I got the veggie fried rice while my date got the lotus salad.  Maybe a little pricey for what it is, but the service from the staff was excellent and it was a nice cozy comfortable setup.  I don't frequent vegetarian restaurants often, but the veggie fried rice with tofu was pretty tasty and the portion was quite hearty.  Even if you're a carnivore like me its worth a try.  Vegans and vegetarians alike will love this place.
The service can be slow but it is worth it for a vegetarian/vegan...or anyone really! The owners are friendly and nice. The food is delicious and fresh. I highly recommend it if you are looking for a healthy, delicious veggie meal.
My fiance is trying to eat healthier and avoid meat products so I'm trying my best to limit my meat consumption. We were in Scottsdale and found this nice little restaurant nearby. The service was a little slow but everyone was very friendly. The cucumber rolls with peanut sauce were delicious. The Golden Soy Chicken Delight was really good it was hard to believe the chicken was actually tofu. We will plan on visiting this restaurant again the next time we're on that side of town.
Owners treat everyone like their most valued customers.  They are friendly, chatty and genuinely warm and welcoming.  Nothing is ever a problem.

The food is wonderful and they do very creative things with meat substitutes.  Generous portions, excellent prices, high quality dishes that are served pleasing to the eye, nose and mouth.  

Great to have a top notch Kosher place in North Scottsdale.
I'm in love with Fresh Mint!   This place is amazing.   And I'm NOT a vegetarian!!    We had a gift certificate so we went all out and tried lots of different options on our first visit.  I'll give you the scoop, but for a quick snapshot -here's the deal: 
-super affordable, meals between $5-10.
-generous portions
-delicious & flavorful foods (Kung Pao!) 
-friendly staff
-casual environment 

First up:  Fresh summer rolls and Green Papaya salad.    The spring rolls were beautiful. Wow!  They had a little more lettuce than I personally prefer, but the taste was still great.  The papaya salad was delicious.  It was not spicy at all, and I will probably ask for a little more spice or peanut sauce on the side next time, but it was so flavorful it still hit the spot.  Two of us shared this dish and I still took home enough for another meal the next day - definitely good for sharing.  

Next course: Pho / Five Spice Noodle Soup. This dish amazed me.  A little sweet, so savory and rich flavored.  Tasted like homemade beef pho.  My family has Pho for Christmas each year - this definitely could be in the running for my favorite Pho! 

Entrees:   Upon recommendations from our server, we chose the Pad Thai & the Kung Pao dishes.   Both were generous portions and bursting with flavor.  They are also just beautifully plated.  I like my Pad Thai with a little more kick, so would request that next time around.   The Kung Pao was PERFECT!  I highly, highly recommend this dish. 

Dessert:  Well, as if we hadn't had enough yet - we let ourselves get talked into the chocolate cake.   Oh my!  It was a delicacy!   This massive slice of chocolatey goodness was a 4 or 5 layer cake with a fruity filling (strawberry or raspberry?), a creme layer, another chocolate creme layer and a fabulous icing.  It was quite decadent.  

Vietnamese iced coffee and lemonade were also enjoyed!   

We took home 4 to go boxes (papaya salad, pad thai, kung pao, and chocolate cake!), so the portions are definitely generous.  The food was not heavy so we left feeling satisfied. 

The staff were friendly and attentive. The prices were so affordable, this is definitely a place that can be a regular go-to spot!   LOVE this place!
Wow! Did not expect this place to be so neat! And delicious! Super friendly people, literally catered to exactly what I wanted! Super pleased with this place and will be back! Yum
I stumbled on this place because it was close to my hotel while I was on business.  I couldn't believe my luck!  Everything I ordered was delicious.  I ordered the citrus spare ribs, which were so good that I ate the leftovers at the airport the next morning (that's saying something, for a business traveler!), and the lemongrass noodle soup, which was so generously portioned (and packed perfectly for takeout so the noodles didn't get mushy) and amazingly flavorful!  The broth was to die for and I'm usually a little underwhelmed by pho broth.  I also went a little crazy and ordered the autumn rolls, which were fresh and tasty.  I live in NYC and wish I had this place near my home!  I will definitely return here for the delicious food and friendly service when I'm back in the area!
From a non-vegetarian. Very good, had some nice curry, I'd come back. 

Was reluctant but they won me over!
The Summer Roll appetizer and the Mushroom Entree was delicious.  This is my first of many trips here. All Aces!
Kosher and vegetarian. A definite plus. The dishes are delicious and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The servings though, in comparison to their price, are quite small and disappointing. For example, I ordered an appetizer for $6 and it was served as 6 pieces of raw vegetables with a small cup of peanut sauce. Main dish servings are approximately a heaping cup of food. For a small break, try the lunch menu for an array of their popular dishes for $8 each. Servings are still small.
I love this place! The owner is so friendly and accommodating! He goes out of his way to provide good service. The food is so yummy too! I believe his wife is the chef but whoever it is works magic! I'm a recent plant food advocate trying to be a better vegetarian and I love the selection! It makes me so happy to know that I'm eating healthy and saving a few animals along the way...or at least not munching on them (that's just me). Even if you like meat though, you'll appreciate the great flavors. Lots of options and the faux stuff will satisfy you - I guarantee it. I can't wait to try something new next time I go. 
P.S. The thai ice tea is my favorite! Oh and be sure to try the fried imperial rolls- they're so good!
My husband and myself can never say enough good about this restaurant.
It is the only vegan place we choose to dine in and is always consistent in its excellence.
Run by the owners who are there to speak with you.
We always love going there and are never disappointed.
Sara & Michael H
Rare vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix.  The food is very  good and fresh. Service is a little slow but worth it. I had the lemon grass tofu which was fragrant and delicious.  Carnivore husband was very impressed with his mock Kung pao chicken .
I'm not a vegetarian.  I was in the area and wanted Pho.  I was skeptical of the "Vegetarian Pho" but decided to give it a try.  Not bad at all.  The broth was a little lighter (less flavorful) than traditional beef Pho, but that's to be expected if there's no beef.  The hoisin and sriracha served on the side helped a lot.  The soup was served with a nicely plated stack of cabbage, carrots, bean sprouts, a few sprigs of cilantro, and lime wedge.  I was a little disappointed at the lack of cilantro and basil.  The soup did contain tofu and some very interesting fake beef, which wasn't bad.  Overall, I enjoyed my lunch.

Service was excellent even though the place was very busy for lunch.  The other dishes I saw being served looked very good.  I'd be willing to come back and try another dish (maybe the Kung Pao "chicken"?)  Decor is a mix of trendy/hipster, kind of like a Pita Jungle feel to it.  (Tip to management, you might want to iron the tablecloths.  This doesn't bother me but you are in the middle of one of the snobbiest parts of Scottsdale so just a suggestion.)

For Pho, I will stick to traditional Vietnamese restaurants.  I would definitely recommend this place to a Vegetarian/Vegan friend, though.
Absativley awesome! Let me say that I am a total meat eater but I went with my girlfriend last night to try it out (she's the vegetarian) and I ordered the soy Kung pow chicken. SO GOOD! I tasted no difference, we also ordered their lemonade, once again SO GOOD! 

The service was outstanding for a packed house! 

I will totally be returning
Ok, the reviews are pretty spot on about the Papaya green salad.

This was an excellent experience. I think I was here 3 different times over the weekend, I was that impressed.

Servings were quite healthy (for a hearty eater like me), the Green Papaya was everything people said it would be and more.

Fresh and invigorating. 

On my second visit I had the curry. And this is what I liked so much about it: a fine combination of strong flavors that was not overwhelming. You can really taste the different herbs and spices that are in the plate, instead of just bland watered down curry. Very nice!

 And the lemongrass noodle soup... I think I have found a new comfort food!

The good news was that this place was very close to my hotel and made my stay that much more enjoyable. The bad news is that I am going to have a hard time finding the exact same tastes back home, and I will have to come back for some more (or learn the damn recipes!)
The food is excellent. As a meat eater I am very impressed with the assortment of "meat type" soy products.
Wonderful Asian food!!    It's vegetarian, but many of the dishes have fake meat and all have wonderful sauces and preparations. Vegetarian, vegan, or carnivore, you'll think this place is delicious.  

The Rainbow Wonder is fabulous: heavenly, aromatic garlic ginger sauce with vegetables that are fresh and flavorful, plus colorful for a lovely presentation.  The Pad Thai and the Kung Pao are also deliciously prepared and impossible to resist!  

The service is friendly and prompt, and the place itself is cute and bright.
I really don't like vegan places that try to make vegetable look like real meat, but I have to admit, Fresh Mint does the best job of all the places I've visited.  I had the orange chicken, which was pretty amazing.  I scarfed the whole plate down without even thinking about it.  Service was kind of strange, probably because this is family run, so the husband, wife, and daughter team is serving you.
The food here is really good, and there is a lot of variety. I love the mushroom wonder and the vegetarian citrus spare ribs, and I always get the Thai iced tea to go with. Many of the meals come with a nice-sized serving of vegetables, so I leave feeling full but not with that heavy feeling.

The owner is friendly and helps make people feel comfortable in the restaurant. I have brought many initially unwilling meat eaters here who ended up really enjoying their food. I gave it four stars because some of the dishes are a little pricey, but I will keep coming back when I want a healthier meal at a friendly place.
I absolutely love this place, and would recommend it to anyone!  It is Vegan, and everything I've eaten has been excellent at this restaurant!
We found Fresh Mint while searching for vegetarian dining options in Scottsdale. It was a bit of a drive from where we were staying down on N. McDowell Road, but totally worth it!

The restaurant is a smallish (but very bright and cheerful) storefront operation in a large shopping complex a few miles north of downtown Scottsdale. The first thing that hits you, as you walk in, is "wow...something smells fantastic!" (always a good way to start a relationship with a restaurant!). Jasmine rice and ginger...one of my favorite combinations!

We chose to sit inside (there is what appears to be a good-sized patio seating area as well). I was very impressed by the décor, which was very bright, clean, and modern...despite the size and the location, it doesn't have the look or feel of a fast-food joint. Service was prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.

It's always a bit overwhelming for us when we can eat anything on the menu without having to ask "does this have meat in it?" or "is this cooked with fish sauce?" so it took us a few minutes to decide what to have. We finally settled on an order of the fried imperial rolls to share. For our entrees, I went with the Golden Soy Chicken Delight (the words "ginger sauce" get me every time!) and my husband chose the Signature Lemongrass Curry (with the Japanese eggplant option rather than tofu). We were both pleased that they offer brown rice as an option (we'll eat white rice, but prefer brown).

Everything is prepared fresh to order there, so we'd expected service to be a bit slow, and were pleasantly surprised at how quickly our appetizer came out. The imperial rolls were absolutely delicious! The texture of the taro-based filling was perfect, and the slight sweetness was nicely off-set by the tasty, vinegary, sauce that was served alongside. A single order was perfect for two.

Our entrees came out shortly after we'd finished the imperial rolls, and it was love at first bite! I had planned to ask them if they make their own meat analogs and forgot, which is too bad, because the texture was unique and very pleasant (often meat analogs can have an unpleasantly chewy texture, but my "chicken" was nicely tender). The sauces were wonderful! Mine had a nice, gingery edge, and my husband's curry was deliciously complex, with a lovely lemony taste from the lemongrass.

Presentation was very attractive. If I have to nitpick, the one thing I would change is the ordering of the food on the plate. Both our entrees had the rice and the saucy, meaty stuff separated by a large "dam" of lightly steamed vegetables, which made it difficult to combine the entrée with the rice. The veggies were tasty and well-prepared, but there were too many of them and they were cut too large to make them easy to incorporate into the dish. I would suggest cutting them more finely and serving them on one side of the plate rather than between the rice and the "meat." It's a very minor point, though.

The restaurant doesn't serve alcohol, so we both had tea with our meals. Soft drinks were also available.

One interesting thing, that some diners may want to know about...the restaurant is certified kosher! I overheard the owner speaking with a Jewish couple at a nearby table and evidently when they opened in the area, an early patron strongly advised them to get kosher certification, as there is a large Jewish community in that part of Scottsdale. It's nice to see a restaurant that is truly sensitive to the needs of the community in which it finds itself.

All in all, a very pleasant dining experience!
I love eating here because everything is soooo delicious and the best part is that it's healthy!! No guilt here!!
I love her cooking!!! Everything I eat there is absolutely delicious, fresh and very healthy.  I always leave feeling good, like the food nourished me and not poisoned me. One of my favorites!!!

I always get the lemon grass soup, peppered steak and thai tea:)
great place for lunch! about 10 different options on their lunch menu, so a lot to choose from. Recently started a new diet, and I love this place because everything tastes great and doesn't feel like 'diet food'. You can watch them make everything, and all of their ingredients are fresh. Will continue to come here at least once a week.
Thought this would be a cute cafe for lunch. It is only asian no other choices on the menu. Ordered appetizers to start as this is my first time here. I am vegetarian as I do occasionally eat eggs and cheese but this place did not impress. I ordered the kabobs and they were saturated in a thick sauce that smelled burnt as if they scalded it while cooking. It was thick like ketchup ruining the point of fresh vegetables. My friend ordered the cucumber rolls and they were just a sliver of cucumber with a huge chunk of unseasoned tofu and a carrot and maybe a radish sliver. There was another very heavy peanut sauce on the side. My friend said the flavor of the peanut sauce was ok but the rolls needed some flavor and sauce heavy for the dish. Unfortunate because I would love to find a nice vegan place close to home. Will stick to true food, green or loving hut.
I work in the airpark and have frankly been surprised to see Fresh Mint stay in business. When they first opened I tried them for lunch a few times and was underwhelmed, mainly with the slow service and somewhat high prices, and remember thinking they wouldn't succeed. Fast forward to today and I gave them another try and what a delight it was. The delightful basil eggplant was simply delicious, reasonably priced and served quickly with a smile. I'll be back.
All dishes are absolutely delicious. Most memorably, try the coconut tapioca dessert. Fantastic!
Only tried this place once but my dish was great. Soy chicken pad Thai. Hope to come back soon.
For a strict vegetarian with limited *good* dining out options, I was excited to try Fresh Mint after several friends told me the food was great. 

Despite reading many negative reviews about the service, I indeed experienced a waiting time for food that was inexcusable. We were the ONLY 2 people in the restaurant and it took almost 2 hours to get drinks,order, and receive food. The food itsself was about what you'd expect for asian vegetarian, but if I ever came back I would order takeout. 

Their "patio" is basically in a parking lot facing a strip mall. Not a good ambiance at all, and the decor is tastelessly outdated and drab.
This is the first place we tried when we moved to Phoenix, and we've been back many times since! 

Pros:
-Unique vegetarian dishes with beautiful flavors. 
-Fresh, FRESH vegetables
-Friendly service
-Seriously some of the most interesting and delicious vegetarian food I've had.

Cons:
-Can be a bit pricey
-Depending on the night, the service may be a bit slow. 

TL;DR: Go, it's worth it. Especially if you like fresh ingredients and veg food.
Friendly welcome. 
Clean bathroom. 
Quick turnaround on the appetizer. 
We had the Kung Pao Soy Chicken and the Soy Fish entrees. Both were top notch! Worth the short wait. 

We'll definitely return next time we're in the area. :)

*note: the soy fish dish was on the saltier side according to my taste buds. On our drive home I definitely felt the "salt" in my body.  Now, we usually eat a low-sodium diet so your taste buds may differ in opinion. 

Happy eating! :)
The only reason I am giving this 1-Star rating is because they use STYROFOAM To-Go containers!!!  Ugh...really.  We love the food there at Fresh Mint but we won't be back until they buy a more eco-friendly To-Go container.  They can raise their menu prices 10 cents an item to cover the cost.  I doubt their customers would even notice.  I sure hope the owner reads this.  The owners are from Hawaii and I expect more from them in the way of sustainability.  EcoWare.com is just one of many environmentally friendly container companies.  I hope the owners take my advise and GO GREEN!

Please echo my feelings the next time you visit Fresh Mint.  And, while you're at it...tell them not to serve water without the customer asking for it.  This isn't Hawaii, it's the desert.  

Thank you for listening...

:)
It was quite expensive ($60 with tip for two for lunch).  The cucumber rolls were good, they came with a really tasty peanut sauce, but the main dishes were a disappointment for the price, not very flavorful, something I could whip up at home on a week day.

Fresh squeezed lemonade was good, but also on the expensive side at $3.95/glass - and not a large water glass, but a goblet.

Oh, and to start off the meal, there was lipstick on my water glass. Ugh
What an awesome experience! Great service and award winning meal. We had the Signature Lemongrass Curry with Japanese Eggplant. Awesome flavor and very fresh. Also had the Rainbow Wonder. A colorful mix of grilled fresh veggies.

This restaurant is the future of dining! Every meal is cooked to order. The effort that goes into the preparation of each dish is rewarding.  

The owners should be rewarded with expanding to multiple locations. We drove from Sun City West just to try this place . Well worth the drive but would love to see more locations some day. 

The only other similar restaurant we can compare this to is Thai Vegan in Albuquerque New Mexico.

This IS the future of dining so go check out this wonderful restaurant.
Vegans and Vegetarians alike should find plenty of options here! My daughter and I shared a large bowl of Lemongrass Soup plus an order of Pad Thai. Both were beautifully presented, generous and delicious. I will be back next time I am in Phoenix!
yippie!! im so glad i tried this place!! 
its not ALL vegan - vegetarian, but they have a separate vegan menu and can make most of the ordinary dishes vegan. 
the chicken fingers are delicious, even compared to real chicken they are more juicy and flavorful. i think most meat-atarians would approve. 
the things i first noticed
- high quality ingredients
-very fresh tasting!!
- nice staff 
-great KID menu
-super clean restaurant with open kitchen

most of the menu caters to healthy diets, they even make whole wheat and non-fat pastries. 
this place is very unique. i highly recommend it too anyone wanting to try healthy comfort food.
Being Vegan is not easy in a place like Las Vegas however this is the most knowledgeable vegan friendly restaurant / cafe  in the Vegas Valley. I have bought two Cakes from them and ate there for lunch countless times once you establish yourself as a vegan you won't need to order like you do everywhere  else they truly understand what being a vegan is  about.

Best Vegan Cakes in Las Vegas.

Great for Vegan Lunch.

I have yet to try to eat there for dinner. but i am looking forward to it
It is a bit of a hole in the wall, but this place is AWESOME. I went with a date after checking out a review here on Yelp. I had high hopes and they were exceeded. It's not easy eating out with people while being vegan, but this place makes it effortless. Not only was my vegan chicken and spinach quesadilla amazing, but my date ordered the mac and cheese (non-vegan) and just loved it. She said it was the best mac and cheese she's had. We both liked it so much that we know we'll be back.

I might even have to update this as I try more of their menu.
This place was fantastic!

The staff was extremely helpful and informative, they were happy to share their pride in their product, and the food was superb; plus it was owner operated - which is something that I really appreciate. 

My vegan turkey wrap was fantastic, and my friend enjoyed her (real) chicken salad very much. 

I am a big eater, not a typical skinny vegan, and although I was very full from the wrap, the helpful manager convinced me to get the Red Velvet Cake and it was unreal. It was the best vegan desert I have ever tasted, bar none. If it had been possible, I would have ordered another.  

The details of the place really impressed me. The vegan meats were scary good - I had turkey flashbacks to 1996. The soy cheddar was top notch too; both items are specially shipped west from an east coast company that prepares them especially for the cafe. 

Bottom line: eat at this place!

-Will Hutchison
Lahaina, HI
good food.  I'm not a vegan but, it's so delicious I eat vegan when I'm there.  the food is awesome and the chef is so knowledgable.  Really nice people and the food has a lot of thought and care put into it.
This place is great.  Had the chicken avocado panini, red velvet cupcake and sampled the carrot cake sandwich.  The food is delicious and healthy and you don't leave feeling weighed down at all.  The service is top notch too.  It's nice to eat at a place and order straight off the menu without having to ask for modifications to keep it healthy like I do at most restaurants.
Freaking amazing.

I had the veggie tuna wrap & my husband had the avacado basil spaghetti (with veggie chicken & veggie bacon).  For dessert we split a red velvet cake.

Everything was absolutely delicious.  It's our new favorite restaurant.

The staff is fantastic.  The owner came over to out table to make sure eveything was up to par. He also informed us that the vegetarian dishes are prepared on its own stove, separate from the meat items which is awesome.

Also notable was the low calorie count. The tuna wrap was 300 (for both huge pieces), the spaghetti was 400 and most amazingly...the red velvet cake was only 150!! Including the frosting and the strawberry.  

I love everything about the place!
I've been vegan for about 5 years, and travel fairly frequently. up until I found this place, my favorite place for vegan cuisine was lovin' spoonfuls in Tucson. I didn't think it could get better than that. The "tuna" melt had me swooning, and I've never had a better taco salad (vegan or un). 

It's a laid back and simple setting, and the owner is quite passionate about what he does, and as such is very knowledgeable.
I'm not a Vegan, Vegetarian, Pescetarian or Ovarian (Yes, I know I made the last one up) In fact, I'm just fine with my pro-carnivor status and I still love this place! The wife & I try to eat healthy and organic when we can and this restaurant is great. They have dishes with perfectly cooked chicken breast, great flavor combinations and I've even tried a few Vegan dishes and I can't speak highly enough with the service or the food. 

If you're looking for a comfortable restaurant you may be a little dissapointed with the stools or the lack of square footage in the joint. There is something to be said for it being chill though. 

Overall, it's a great little cafe that won't kill your wallet...not to mention you'll be eating healthy. 

OH! and you have to try the Red Velvet Cake with a huge strawberry on top...the whole thing is 150 calories.
I did go to the Red Velvet Cafe for my birthday!  But nobody knew it was, since I & my eating partner in crime didn't say anything.  However, all went right in terms of our 1st first visit here.  The owner came over to say hello & thanked us for coming in; he recognizes his customers.  Everything we ate from the fresh guac w house made crackers, Asian salad w whole wheat noodles, ham & cheese panini, & red velvet cake were wholesome & delightful.  Other tables let us know to get dessert stating all was awesome.  I've already told sev'l people to try this place out since it was unbelievably delectable.
The food was amazing. They make anything on their menu vegan. I'm not but I like to eat healthy. Way cheaper then eating on the strip and the red velvet cupcake is sooo good. wish there was something like this place here in the O.C. For sure I'm coming back. They even make their own vegan cheese!!! I couldn't believe and had to ask if it was real.
Knowing I would be in Las Vegas for the weekend, I yelped some vegetarian food spots to check out while I was there.  This was the only place i actually made it out to because we did bring some of our own food and we were only there for 2 days.  anyway, we were pretty impressed with our findings.  

the restaurant isnt all that big but there enough tables that are pretty spread out. its clean, sleek, and have modern decor. they have big, tall tables (most for 4 people) and highchairs (which resemble stools). only one table was shorter and had chairs with full backs.  unfortunately it was snatched from us as we went up to the counter and ordered.  i think i would have preferred more of those shorter tables or chairs with some back support...but thats just me.

i ordered the chicken and spinach wrap- vegetarian style.  meaning, its just mock chicken instead of the real stuff.  the wrap is stuffed with spinach, artichoke, tomato, mozzarella, and pesto.  served on the side is baked potato chips that sort of reminded me of baked pringles. it was tasty and satisfying. you could probably stretch it out into two meals but i ate the whole thing. hahah

my friend had the vegan taco salad.  it was very delish.  the veggie ground beef was really well seasoned and the chipotle shell was not greasy.  stuffed inside was rice and beans, veggie ground beef, shredded lettuce, cheese, avocado, and salsa. my friend claimed it was the best taco salad she had ever had. 

we both had a red velvet cupcake for dessert.  the man working there said it was only 150 calories.  i don't know what to make of that because i dont believe him.  maybe he means per serving....and the cupcake has multiple servings. haha!  otherwise they are geniuses at Red Velvet because the cupcake was pretty amazing...and i dont like red velvet cake much because it is usually too sweet for me.  the frosting they used tasted like powdered sugar rather than the usual cream cheese frosting.  

i guess my concern is that i dont think they are organic, which means they could be putting who knows what in there. to me, low-fat doesnt necessarily equal healthy if its made from chemicals.  i didnt ask much about the ingredients.   i did have quite the enjoyable meal, though and we were pleasantly surprised.  we are definitely going back next time we get out to vegas.   its nice to find a place (that isnt whole foods) to eat at in vegas.
This is my favorite place by far to eat in the city. I'm a vegetarian and its hard to find a good place with a VARIETY of veg choices besides pasta and salad. Their food is all made fresh and on the spot and its always delicious no matter what I get. Aneesha the master chef of the place works her ass off to make everything wonderful and healthy. No matter if you are a vegetarian or a meat eater they have something for everyone and its all good for you, all comes in wonderful portion sizes and always with a friendly smile. The best thing by far on their menu is their name sake...the red velvet cake...which is NOT imported. Aneesha gets up at the crack of dawn to come in a make all the back goods fresh for the day. A wonderful place and I can't wait until they expand into the area next door! They also do catering and special cakes for weddings, birthdays, etc...mmmmm!!!
If I ever decided to move to Las Vegas, I would just set up a cot at Red Velvet and live there.  The fact there's a vegan place at all in The Vegas is amazing to me, let alone one that is health-conscious, fresh, and delicious.

Our first trip there, we had vegan cheddar bacon fries and a taco salad.  When I saw the fries, I had to call the chef over to ask if the cheese was really vegan, because it definitely didn't look vegan.  The chef told me that not only was it vegan, but she makes it herself.  She was explaining how she couldn't make it some days if the weather wasn't cooperative, and so on and so forth.  In any case, it was SO good.  I told her she could easily sell it commercially; she smiled and said she could never make enough at once to make it commercially.  Damn shame.  She'd be a bazillionaire.  And that's just from the amount I'd buy from her.  

Oh, and did I mention that the fries were baked?  They did not taste baked.  But I know she wasn't lying, because I didn't feel like crap after eating half a plate of them.  Yummo.

The taco salad had a little too much Iceberg lettuce for my taste, but it was still yummy yummy yummy, and I loved that the taco shell was a baked crispy whole grain tortilla instead of a deep-fried flour one. 

For dessert we had the red velvet cake, and all I can say is, now I know why the restaurant is named after it.  Holy Mother of Yum.

We went again the day we had to leave (because we just couldn't resist).  We got a "chicken"-spinach-artichoke panini and a "chicken" salad wrap.  The panini was amazing.  The wrap was really good.  And the package of 6 cookies did not taste low-calorie, although they told us that the whole package was something like 130 calories and 6 grams of fat.  For the WHOLE PACKAGE.  Unbelievable.  

It was all I could do not to kidnap the chef and steal her back to LA with me.  Now I have a reason to go back to Vegas.  A lot.
My local friends took me here for lunch. We pull up to this strip mall and snooty me is thinking, "hmm, we'll see about this... I'm Miss Picky Pants from San Francisco, where we can get fresh-organic-vegan around every other corner. What could they possibly have to offer out here in the desert?" Wow and double wow. This place is amazing. I'm still thinking about it after three weeks. The red velvet cupcake...VEGAN, mind you, was out of this world. Our server patiently and politely answered all my questions and knew my friends by name. A first rate place!
One of the best cafes in Las Vegas. Healthy, delicious food. Don't miss the red velvet cake, the cookies are phenomenal as well. I'm a big fan of the chicken curry and the grilled shrimp tacos.
I have to say that it had been a while since I visited Red Velvet Cafe. Since then they have gotten a lot busier and even expanded the restaurant to have enough space for all the patrons. I say good for them, it's about time!

I just took a vegetarian friend to lunch there, which might have been a bit of a mistake since it was so busy. After we got our food and he took a bite he said he was going to put the restaurant into his regular lineup because he liked it so much.

I have also brought my omnivore type friends to this place and they all love it. I have nothing but good to say about Red Velvet Cafe. And their vegan desserts are to die for.
It had been sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo long since I had any form of ground beef. And on this day, I satisfied my soul. No guilt whatsoever. I couldn't believe the options. Both Vegetarians and Meat eaters can have exactly what they want. And both parties can enjoy a meal together. Finally! 

- $10.95 regular Taco Salad & $11.95 for a vegan Taco Salad

You were searched. 

You were ran to.

You were there for us during a hungry time.

You weren't one to take sides. You let us have ''both!"

You rock!
I am so happy that I've discovered this place. I only really knew about it because of restaurant.com. I used a gift certificate from the website to try out something new. The vegetarian taco salad is THE BEST taco salad I have ever had. The carrot cake cookie is THE BEST carrot cake anything I've had and I've tried many many treats in my day. Not to mention it's only 126 calories - hello! You won't believe it. My husband had the buffalo chicken sandwich and fire fries. He really enjoyed the sandwich and we both loved the fries! I would say that this is a definite new favorite of mine. I'll be back - in fact probably again this week!
Unfortunately my stomach wasn't very happy shortly after I ordered, so I wasn't able to eat my food when it was brought to me.  But I did have my leftovers the next day, and they were pretty good.  I got a pasta dish and my girlfriend got a Chinese dish, and both were excellent.  Very strange that you order at the counter, then get served at a table, and then go back up to the counter to pay.  Would love to try it again when I can actually eat my food in the restaurant!
Love this place! Great service, great food! I had the shrimp, bacon and avocado salad and it was a very big salad but I could not stop eating until it was done! This will be a for sure stop anytime I'm in Vegas! My Mom ordered the Red Velvet cake to go and she said it was amazing! The great part is it's so low on calories, which makes it a guilt free delight!
This is the best Vegas has to offer in Vegetarian fair, but it fails to meet a higher standard. I was hoping to find creative unique dishes, but just found the usual. I settled on a shrimp, turkey bacon, and avocado salad; the lettuce was extremely chopped, and overall the salad wasn't exciting. The vinaigrette was a bit on the sweet side with tang, but I really dislike a sweet vinaigrette, it reminds me of italian.  I also ordered a chai tea latte which would have been better had it been hot rather than slightly warm. This place could be cool, despite the less than impressive menu, but unfortunately the music drove me crazy. I like my cafes to have hip, chill music. To my unpleasant surprise, I semi-enjoyed my lunch to the blare of system of a down and the like. It was, might I say, less than relaxing.
This place can only be described as A-Maz-Ing! I have been to RVC on many occasions, and it only gets better. Every time we have an out of town guest, we make a stop at RVC, if not just for the incredible selection of Vegan desserts. 
This is definitely a place where Vegans, Vegetarians and meat eaters can all come to share a fantastic meal at a really affordable price. Almost all of the food is freshly made on-site, and the staff and owners are very friendly and helpful. 
I recommend the "sausage" pizzeta. The faux sausage is made fresh every couple of days, and is seasoned so much like actual sausage, that my non-veggie brother could not taste the difference. 
The desserts are the best in Vegas, vegan or non-vegan hands down. They are rich and delicious. Word on the street from the RVC is that they may start to ship these delicious bad boys come December. Those who don't live in Vegas can only hope!
I had heard that this was the place to go for vegetarians in Vegas...it was.

I tried the taco salad and buffalo chicken wrap. Both were tasty and healthy tasting. I love the big pile of baked chips that came with my wrap. The taco salad had the most fantastic shell as well.

The owner spent some time with us explaining his menu and philosophies about food. He was very nice and I appreciated his focus on health (although I am not sure about the sole focus on low-cal/low-fat).

The food was 5 stars, but red velvet can improve on the ambience(turn down the overhead lights) and some nice beer/ wine selection would go a long way. Not sure if they allow byob.

Regardless, a fine meal. Shines as a lunch spot for sure!
Yelp, you have wronged me.  We wanted to try something healthy and light and decided to dine here last Saturday for lunch.  It was about 1pm, and the place was packed.  We patiently stood around for a few minutes waiting to be seated.  We figured they were busy so we'll just seat ourselves.  The busser cleaned a table, and we sat down.  He gave us our menus, but we were ignored for the next 10-15 minutes.  (We should've just gotten up and ran.)  Finally, I walked up to a waiter and asked if we could order.  He came to our table, apologized & said it was busier than normal.  As someone from the industry, I was sympathetic.  We ordered a California panini, eggplant pizzeti, & chicken/mushroom/spinach panini with side salads & chips.  They were out of the french fries.  How could you be out of fries for the next 2 hours? The food was such a disappointment!  I don't care if it was organic & the lettuce came from the garden of Eden & watered with holy water; it was simply not good.  The side salads were completely uninteresting.  I could buy organic mixed greens from Safeway and throw some vinaigrette on it, and it would taste exactly the same.  My CA panini was barely warm.  The bread was tiny and the meat looked turkey bologna from the sale section of the grocery store.  I could've made this garbage at home but no, I spent $7 on it.  The pizzeti was equally disgusting.  No flavor whatsoever.  My bf's panini was ok.  Not terrible but edible at best.  And it was served with a small handful of broken Lays potato chips.  I cannot believe we wasted $30 & 1.5 hours on this place.  I initially wanted to try the red velvet cake, but from the experience with the food & service, we decided not to waste any more $ here.

The place is full of frou frou vegetarians/health conscious people who are willing to pay $$ for awful food because they probably don't know better.  The lady at the table next to ours was a calorie counter and wanted to know the calories of everything.  Listen lady, you don't look that great.  Save your time and money & eat somewhere else that actually tastes good & hit the gym if you feel that guilty.  I consider myself a health conscious person but I definitely think that taste should not be compromised. 

Food 0/5
Service 0.5/5
Ambiance 0.5/5 (they played loud techno music)
Grand total for 1/5 stars. If 0 stars was an option, I would've given 0.
As a vegetarian, I have to subsist mostly on fries, cheese pizza and salad every time I visit Las Vegas. Now that we have discovered Red Velvet, it will become a regular stop on every visit. The cafe is located about a 15-minute drive from the Strip in a small strip mall. The atmosphere is casual and the prices are reasonable. While the menu is not exclusively vegan/vegetarian, any item can be "vegified." I had the vegan taco salad and it was one of the best casual vegan meals I have ever had. The flavor was great and the balance of "meat," beans, rice, lettuce, salsa, "cheese" and avocado was perfect. My companion, who is mostly vegetarian but will eat "humanely raised" meat sometimes, opted for the spicy chicken wrap with real chicken. He liked it so much that he wanted to go back the next day. This place is a real treasure for vegans/vegetarians, and I hope you give it your support. I intend to every time I am in Las Vegas!
Went for lunch a couple of times. It's a solid place for a bite. If your not into "healthy" food it might be a bit of a struggle.
I'm vegetarian and my husband is vegan with a wheat and soy allergy, so after reading a glowing review of Red Velvet Cafe in a magazine, we went for lunch, on our last day in Vegas, with high expectations for true vegetarian food... and we were sorely disappointed. There did not seem to be any, and I mean ANY, true vegetarian dishes on the menu. I was searching for SOMETHING to order, when I noticed the footnote stating that all items can be "made vegetarian" - i.e., they can have seitan or tofu substituted for the meat. That might work for a newbie vegetarian, but someone who enjoys a meaty portobello mushroom or tasty eggplant or roasted butternut squash in some sort of main dish with perhaps some polenta or rice...? Nothin'. Just tofu and lettuce. The only thing my husband found that he trusted enough to order was the black bean soup with a salad. The vegetarian "spicy chicken wrap" that I ordered was fine, but not the sort of vegetarian fare that will draw me back again. It tasted more like a McDonalds version of vegetarian than a true vegetable-oriented vegetarian meal.

On the other hand, the Carnival World Buffet at Rio's was superb, with too many wonderful vegetarian options to even name!! And the best vegan food was to be had at the Whole Foods at the end of the strip past Mandalay Bay... excellent food bar there!
I'm so glad I got to eat here while I was in Las Vegas. I've eaten at Go Raw in Vegas before, and was satisfied, but this time I was in the mood for something warm, vegan, and delicious. 

My vegan friend (he lives in Vegas) and I met our meat-loving friends and their son here for lunch on new year's eve and the place was PACKED! They must have gotten really popular since they opened the place, because they seemed short-staffed and short on space. My friends and I sat at the bar by the coffee counter and waited to pounce on one of the tables once the people eating there finished. 

I didn't expect anything too amazing as far as service was concerned because they were so unbelievably busy, but our server was actually very friendly and as attentive as he could be. I ordered the vegan taco salad, my vegan friend ordered the vegan tuna salad, and our meat-eating buddies ordered a wrap and a panini. Both of the vegan dishes were very tasty, but the taco salad really blew me away. (Almost as good as the taco salad from Karyn's Cooked in Chicago!) It was so filling and warm and perfect and delicious! I had a hard time finishing it all, but for the price I was paying (and due to the fact that I couldn't take any leftovers with me), I gobbled it all up. 

The best part of the meal, in my opinion, was the dessert. OH. MY. GOD. So many vegan dessert options! We ordered the red velvet cake (someone told me it was only around 200 calories? it was so rich, that's hard to believe..) and it was divine. Warm, gooey, moist red velvet cake with melt-in-your-mouth VEGAN butter cream frosting?!! Yes, please! Swoon 

Anyway, if you're in Vegas from out of town, this is really one of your only options if you're a vegan. Hate to break it to you guys, but Vegas isn't all about us vegans YET. :) If you have severe food allergies (gluten, etc), just go to Whole Foods like you would in your home town. But if you're searching for something good to eat and cooked (for raw, go to Go RAW), PLEASE make a trip to Red Velvet. (If only for their dessert selection) I've heard they're always really busy, too, so expect a wait. :)
The reviews on this place were on polar ends-either really good or really bad. I had to give it a try and write this un-biased opinion. 
If you're health conscious you'll appreciate the selection, especially the desserts. 
I started with the much talked about red velvet cake. Yum! 

I give it three and a half stars overall for the clean food and cozy atmosphere. 

I went the simple route and got the chicken, spinach, mushroom panini. It came with a side salad. 

The salad was very green and fresh. 
The bread needed an upgrade. The spinach tasted like it was boiled and drained weird, but not bad. Lots of mozzarella cheese. I would've asked for a little less. The combo of the 3 aforementioned ingredients was good together and the chicken slices were hearty-just the way I like it.

Didn't feel weighed down by the end of my meal. Can't complain in all $13 buckaroos.
Took family to eat on Saturday afternoon. The service was good, the waiter had charm and patience with my order anxiety and my families slightly dysfunctional restaurant etiquette. My Wife and daughter #1 had the grilled veggie panini and salad. I had grilled chicken panini and salad and #2 daughter had pizza. My sandwich was marginal, chicken was warmed not cooked, the cheese barely melted and pretty flavorless. The "salad" was mixed greens from a bag and slathered in vinaigrette... Not a carrot, onion or tomato to be found, that was no salad it was a cry for help. I probably will give it another try just to seal the deal or let it go. On a positive note, Red velvet cake is worth the trip..
The name says it all....if you never order dinner, at LEAST go for the ridiculously tasty (and vegan) Red Velvet cake.  I am eating my leftover piece of cake with my coffee as I type this!

The food I think is hit or miss.  Having never been here before, I asked the waiter (who I think was the owner) what he recommended.  We started with the Avocado Quesadillas, which were pretty delicious, but heavy on the cheese (just a warning to you lactose-intolerant kids like me).  Then I had the Caprese Salad....and I give it a meh.  Lotsa lettuce, a good piece of chicken, and a crap ton of mozzarella and tomatoes.  Definitely perfect for the plain-dieting-eater, but I could done with a bit more fixins'.

For the main entree we had the Spicy Peanut Chicken, and this was a home run.  Great flavor and plenty of food for two.  Please try this dish if you go!  Also the owner said that they were happy to add heat to this dish if you wanna sweat a bit more....

Finally, the cake, OH THE CAKE.  As I said before, if you get nothing else, get this amazingly moist, warm, delicious Red Velvet Cake!

On a side note, the service was....well...weird.  I think we had a waiter, but didn't see him much, so ended up just kinda meandering over to the counter to order, pay, etc.  Coulda done with a bit more attention, which is why I downgraded from 4 to 3 stars.
I myself am not a Vegetarian or Vegan, but I can appreciate that style of food and often eat meat free meals.  So when I was invited to go to Red Velvet Cafe with a co-worker for lunch on a Friday in Lent I figured it was a great idea.  I've given up eating meat on Fridays so I thought there would be good Vegetarian/Vegan options for me.  

When we entered, there was a couple empty tables and a counter with a register, which appeared to be where you place your order.  At the counter we were instructed to take a seat and we would be waited on.  We took a couple laminated menus and sat at a table just across from the register.  After looking over the menu I selected a Salmon Quesadilla from the March specials menu.  After an unnecessarily long wait, we were finally visited by our server who was the same person that told us to take a seat from behind the register.  I was then informed that they were out of Salmon.  The 2 other members of my party ordered and I asked for another minute to find something else.  However, it took so long for our server to return that everyone else's food arrived shortly after I placed my 2nd order.  The other two orders at the table had errors (missed substitutions, meat product instead of real meat) but they didn't want to spend the extra time to complain about it.  My food finally arrived as everyone else was finishing theirs.  Being on a 1 hour lunch break, I had to request my order to go, because I needed to be back at work.  They slid my sandwich and handful of baked Lays into a box and I ate my lukewarm sandwich in my office at work.  Food was decent, but not worth the $11 bucks I paid and the lousy service I received.  Based on other reviews this is not uncommon for this location.

Other things to know before going:
The only thing "Vegetarian/Vegan" about this restaurant is the fact that anything on the menu can be "Made Vegan".  This means they substitute the real meat for fake soy based meat product.  Almost all the items on the menu contain real meat and will have to be "Made Vegan".  I also noticed that the same grills/griddles are used for meat and vegetarian/vegan, incase you care about cross contamination.  For a place that markets themselves as a vegetarian/vegan restaurant they do not have many non-meat selections.

There is a $10 minimum on all Credit and Debit Purchases.  This is against merchant agreements by Visa and Mastercard.  But with the prices, you shouldn't have a problem spending less than $10 bucks.

There are no fountain sodas, everything is canned/bottled.

Would I go again?  Maybe, but only if I was eating meat and had a few hours to waste on lunch.  If you're looking for somewhere to get a meal on a 1 hour schedule, look somewhere else.  If you're a strict Vegetarian/Vegan that is sick of eating soy meat product, look somewhere else.
I really really wanted to like this place.  My friend has been raving about it for months.  He likes to bring home the desserts so I was lucky enough to try one of the carrot cake sandwiches before I even set foot in the restaurant.  It was delicious so I dragged my boyfriend to the restaurant for lunch.

It was mid afternoon when we went there so it was not busy, maybe three other tables were occupied.  We were not clear on whether or not we needed to seat ourselves and kinda stood there akwardly until someone yelled from behind the counter to sit anywhere.  Then we waited for 15 minutes to be approached.  My boyfriend finally went to get someone who took our drink and food order and never returned.  We went to the counter to get refills on our drinks.  A different person dropped off our food and my boyfriend went back up to the counter to pay the bill.

We ordered the quesadilla appetizer which was awesome.  I ordered a bland chicken wrap and my boyfriend ordered an equally bland sandwich.  

After the mostly dissappointing food and very dissappointing service (actually, can you be dissappointed if it doesn't exist?) we left.  Without dessert which was the whole reason I even took him in there!

Anyways, the friend who recommended it still raves about it so maybe I'll go again with him.  Maybe he knows some secret to getting service there that I don't.
The service was kind of off. The young woman who waited on us didn't know what half of the ingredients were or whether certain cafe beverages could be made vegan. She waited on two other tables that were seated after us before coming to help us. We had the pesto "chicken" pizza and veggie grill sandwich - both made vegan. The quality, taste and presentation of the food made up for the poor service and for the second part of our time, a guy from the cafe waited on us who was wonderful - kind, polite, knowledgeable - everything you expect. The mexican mochas are really yummy, as well. I was too full to try the famous red velvet cake.
It's hard to find good vegetarian food in Las Vegas, so I was really excited to read the reviews on Red Velvet Cafe. Imagine my surprise when I entered the restaurant to smell, what???  Cooking meat! 

Although Red Velvet  self identifies as a "vegan" restaurant, it is, in fact  a traditional eatery that offers vegetarian/vegan  alternatives to their menu items. This is a wonderful option for carnivores who want to dance on the side of compassion, but it does not make it a vegan restaurant. 

The place was crowded, poorly staffed, unclean, and, I repeat, it SMELLED LIKE MEAT. 

If you are an ethical vegetarian, steer clear of Red Velvet Cafe. Otherwise, grab your table wipes and head on over. The menu really is diverse and the red velvet cupcake ($5 per) is impressive.  Ok, it looked pretty. 

The staff working the day we visited Red Velvet Cafe didn't seem the least bit interested in helping us find seating, or in the finding a remedy to a broken chair situation we encountered when we did find finally find our own seats.
This is a little unassuming little strip mall joint my wife dragged me to.  I'm glad she did.

For all of it's lack of charm and seating and service, the food is really good and "healthy".  Glad to see it buzzing and packed on a chilly weekday.  The server (also owner?) was unfortunately completely overwhelmed and had a hard time getting to tables, but the flavors once the food showed up more than made up for his chicken-with-a-head-cut-off service.
I knew beforehand that Red Velvet was not exclusively vegetarian/vegan, and I eat at many establishments either on vacation or at home that offer omnivore options, so that wasn't a factor in this review. 

I do appreciate that every single item on the menu can be made either vegetarian or vegan. There's nothing worse than being told that a place has vegan options, but they end up being three items on the menu, one of which you're allergic to, one of which is totally disgusting, you get the idea.

We ordered the bacon-cheddar fries (vegan) for an appetizer- they came out mostly cold, and smothered in way too much daiya vegan cheese, which is best used sparingly. As a result, the daiya clumped rather than melted, and rather than lending flavor to the fries, ended up as slimy goo in our mouths- yuck.

I had the vegan taco salad, which was for the most part delicious. It was layers of rice and beans, faux carnitas, lettuce, more daiya, avocado, and salsa in a crunchy shell. I scarfed it down- it was actually not bad, although I definitely think there's room for improvement. My boyfriend, however, ordered the vegan chicken teriyaki. The teriyaki sauce was waaaay too salty, and lemme tell you that man LOVES his salt. He could hardly eat it. 

Service was overall friendly and courteous, although a bit slow. We waited forever for our check before finally being told there was a printer malfunction- totally understandable, but we'd probably have been a lot more patient if we knew that sooner. The decor is nice, quite clean and modern and I like how they've included a lot of red to tie into their name. There was a huge flat-screen TV playing CNN on mute, which I felt didn't go with the classier environment in there. Either bring the ambience down a notch and turn on the volume, or turn the TV off during dinner to class the place up a bit!
Service: Great 
Food: Good 
Restaurant: 
Return Visits: Possibly 
Ordered: Bottled AnTeaDote, Caprese Salad, Chicken Burger and on a previous visit-- Red Velvet Cupcake 

This was our first time actually sitting down and eating here. It's a seat yourself restaurant and a waiter will come by and take your order. Our waiter was very sweet but I can't remember his name! SORRY! Our food was good! It's REALLY hard to mess up a Caprese Salad so I'd have a sh**-fit if they messed this up! lol My husband liked his burger, in his words "It was pretty good!". Previously, we ordered a Red Velvet Cupcake to go and this is where the 1-Star is knocked off. We weren't fans of it. It tasted like 'cardboard' as my husband said, it lacked the sweetness that we were looking for. Also the one star knockoff is because of their so-called "Vegan and Vegetarian Friendly" claims, they're not overly friendly in that sense lol They had way more meat dishes than Vegan/Vegetarian dishes. That part really disappointed me, considering I'm originally from San Diego and they have many selections for Vegan/Vegetarian restaurants. 

Still good food nonetheless :)
This is one of my favorite place to bring my non vegetarian friend.  They have a regular menu but everything can be made vegan. I have been there many times and strongly recommend the vegan tuna panini, the taco salad, the buffalo vegan chicken wrap and the vegan tortellini. Their desserts are to die for so make sure you keep room for some!  
The atmosphere is great with a trendy look, music and magazines on the tables.
I only go here for their red velvet cupcakes. I was never a huge fan of red velvet and didn't follow the trend that seemed to have blown up since the one episode on MTV's Run's House! But I would always drive by this place on Sahara and was always curious to try their red velvet, since it IS the name of the place and all! So I finally decided to stop by and try one out. 

At first, I was disappointed by the price ($3.95 for a cupcake) but then I saw the size of that thing! HUMUNGO!!!! It's definitely not your average cupcake! And the taste, OMG, I fell in love! It's so moist and delicious, topped with a sugary whipped topping that's way better than whipped cream or butter cream. Not sure what it is, but I love it! And a huge strawberry to top it off on top. I can't really describe how it tastes, but I'm definitely a fan of their red velvet cakes. Everywhere else, I could still care less for. I've even put in orders whenever I have guests over, and now they are all fans as well! Even my father, who happens to criticize food the most loves it! Now that's saying a lot! 

I just have to keep remembering that they are not open on Sundays.
It has been a while since my last visit, but came back with my entire family (both wife's side and mine) tonight for dinner. Both my brother and brother law love RVC...when they come to town, they have to eat here first...and they are both meat loving men. As typical, the service was great! I've read a lot of the reviews that talk about the slow service time, but good food should take time, and we should be eating our food slower. 
There really isn't another place I've been since college where I feel like a valued regular customer. We are always greeted when we walk in by the Chef's husband, he remembers who we are, and he remembers my family, and they only come here once a year. With the quality of food, sweets and service, I will continue to patronize this great establishment.
In that I herald from Chicago, land of fantastic, independent restaurants that express independence and uniqueness, it is no surprise that the lack of such things in Vegas is a point of contention for me.  A friend of mine invited me to have dinner with her at the Red Velvet Cafe. I did the requisite Yelp research and learned that, though it is oft described as a veg/vegan restaurant, it in fact serves some meat. Despite that fact, all recipes can be made either veg/ or vegan with meat replacement. I was impressed at the off-the-beaten-path vibe that the reviews suggested.

I entered the place, and was struck by the clean, pleasant decor,highlighted in red, but definitely not overdone.  The place is family-owned, and the greeting was friendly and welcoming.  My friend let me know that the service isn't fast, but we were hanging and enjoying the evening, so that wasn't an issue. The server was attentive, personable and very accommodating, which was nice. Additionally, the owner stopped by the table a couple times and even remembered my friend from her last visit!  I ordered their (somewhat acclaimed) spicy peanut chicken on rice, and my friend ordered the tortellini bolognese. Both entrees were under $15, and were very large - definitely 2 meals in one entree. I also saw others, who ordered salads, be ushered into mountains of fixins. Our meals were both delicious.  (I have been told that their sandwiches, wraps and more casual menu items are also great).

I was told by my friend that we had to share the place's namesake, the Red Velvet cupcake (which is really more of a little round cake - larger than a cupcake). Having been told that the delight is 150 calories total, 4 gm of fat, AND completely vegan, I was skeptical at best.  

It was phenomenal.  The cakes are made fresh daily, and this one was still warm from the oven.  The white, whipped frosting was sweet and light, while married to the red velvet cake which was more subdued in it's sweetness.  Divine.

Kudus to the Red Velvet Cafe for providing a unique, clean, friendly and delicious alternative to the parade of chain restaurants in this town.  It was like a little piece of Chicago in Vegas.

I recommend it highly.
Update:  I had to knock two stars down because I went there last night to pick up a couple of red velvet cupcakes, and they went up to $4.95 each.  BOOOO!  And, they seem to be a little bit smaller than they used to be. Again, BOOOOO!!  But still as delicious as ever!  There seems to be more selections in the bakery now and I was torn between trying the banana chocolate bread pudding, the banana chocolate chip cake, and the blueberry muffin cake.  I went with the blueberry muffin and let me tell you... it is sooooo good!!!  BUT... it costs almost $7!!!! YIKES!!! The lady who rang me up said it was because they use fresh fruit. Ummmm, sorry, but thats still quite expensive!  But man, it's so good!!!
I have been reading a lot of the other reviews for this place stating that the Red Velvet Cake/Cupcake, upon which this cafe bases its name, is a 150 calorie treat.  Ok, either that is a lie, or I have been WASTING MY LIFE by not going there EVERY DAY.  Because those cakes are fucking delicious, and with the approximate calorie count as a a can of soda? I would gladly drink water henceforth and have dessert.  I will be going there tomorrow.  

Ok, real review.  Generally great food.  I've had really good luck with everything I've ordered there. Except for maybe the fries.  They're not so hot.  

First, everything on the menu can be made veggie/vegan, but usually at an extra charge. I'm fine with that, but it can add up if you're ordering for a lot of people I guess.  My favorite thing by far (and something that I get an insatiable craving for from time to time) is the vegan buffalo chicken wrap.  It's full of spicy and crunchy and protein-y goodness, all wrapped up in a toasted tortilla.  I also love their fruit lemonades!  I've never had a dessert I didn't like, but the red velvet is my fave.  Did I mention that I'm going there tomorrow to get one? I might just have to pick up a vegan buffalo chicken wrap to go with it.....

Warning: the service is SLOOOOOOOOOW.  Even if you're the only table there.  The owners/managers/servers have always been super friendly to me and very nice and accommodating.  But expect to wait awhile, even if you call in a to-go order.  Also, it's not clear whether they sometimes do table service now (maybe at night?).  Your best bet is to go order at the counter (that's what I always do -- if they're doing table service they will let you know).  But otherwise -- yay!
Thank god for this place! Red Velvet Cafe is a vegan/veg friendly American restaurant. Almost everything on their menu can be made vegan/vegetarian using fake meats and vegan cheeses. Although I'm not a vegan, I do know that they make their vegan cheese in-house and it melts! We love their grain-based veggie burger, the vegetarian tuna melt (bring some gum for after), the buffalo "chicken" wrap, their mac and cheese (soooo yummmm) and their specials that they so creatively whip up every month! The owners are friendly and they remember their customers and are so careful to get our orders perfect. Of course, a trip here cannot end without desert. The Red Velvet Cake, chocoloate chip cookies, chocolate chip cake and most of their specialty cakes are AMAZING. I don't know how healthy the food is here but I do know that whenever we eat here our bodies feel good. One thing to note is that this place is very crowded and the service is pretty slow. Also, it's all the way in Summerlin! They need a location in Town Square!
They can make about anything on their menu Vegan. I had "chicken" with mixed veggies, brown rice, and a side salad with a side of Teriyaki sauce. There was not one thing I was served that I did not swoon over.
I can't speak for all eaters, but for Vegans this place is a serious guilty pleasure.  They have some of the best Vegan comfort food in town, I was feeling very dismal about finding tasty food when I moved from L.A. where they are over abundant in Vegan cuisine, but I was happily surprised when a friend shared this gem of a place with me. 

My favorite combo is the Vegan chicken, spinach, and mushroom panini, I like to add avocado and request a salad vs. the baked chips. and for dessert the chocolate chips cookies are seriously better than any non-vegan competitor, as for cake I'm not a "red Velvet person per se, so the Cinnamon cake is my favorite pick!

Location is so far from my house but the food is really worth the wait, servers are kind and a bit sarcastic, which I find amusing... 

Bring a sweater even in the summer, they keep the temperature set to sub-zero/Antarctic!
I will NEVER visit this place again. The service was unbelievably slow, the food lukewarm and unappetizing, the layout uninviting, the chairs uncomfortable and did I mention how bad the service was?

 It took 45 minutes to get our food, and my companion's food and mine didn't even come out at the same time! I got mine at least 10 minutes before he got his. The table just behind us came in at approximately the same time we did and didn't even get their order (just some fries, as far as I could tell) until we were almost finished with our entrees!

It was also very confusing as to whether we were supposed to order at the counter or not. It seemed as though it was counter service, and they took our order and told us to take any table we liked, but when we sat down at a table to wait for our food a "server" came by and told us we should have ordered from her! Wait, what?

We had the red velvet cake for dessert (we had to, they were OUT of everything else) and found it unimpressive. I realize its not easy to make vegan desserts, but really I've had much much better than this. 

If this is truly the best in Vegas that vegetarians and vegans have to look forward to, I am very, very sorry.
The vegan buffalo chicken wrap is still the bomb, the red velvet cake is still delectable! 

I think they've hired more people, because the service lately (I've been twice in the last month) has been really good and fast! I got my takeout order in about 10 min, and was tended to in a timely manner when I dined in with two others.

They are also trying out a bunch of new desserts each month; I had the tiramisu (very good) and strawberry creme (meh).
The Red Velvet Cafe is by far our favorite lunch place in Las Vegas. The steamed chicken, vegetables, and brown rice plate is delicious.  The portion is large as well.  The chicken, caprese panini is the best!  Their desserts are also incredible. Our favorites are the red velvet cake, vanilla chocolate chip cake and once they had a chocolate, coconut bread pudding that was amazing. These desserts  are vegan and SO delicious!   We look forward to every trip there. You
FYI - made Red Velvet a first stop on our weekend Vegas trip. Found the place on Quarrygirl.com. We ordered a spicy "chicken" wrap which consisted of soy chicken nuggets, a few bits of "cheese" lettuce and tomato wrapped in a tortilla swimming in tobasco. It was nasty! Tobasco should not be used as a main flavor - it was so much that I just picked the nuggets out of my wrap & ate it w/ the side salad. I notified the waitress who let me know that the menu did say it was spicy but she didn't understand what I was telling her is their combo of flavors was killed by a flood of tabasco saturating the whole thing. Love spicy but this was the wrong way to do it. Really bad. After that I certainly did NOT want dessert. Not going back. Had to leave still hungry from that crap lunch!  I urge the owners to taste their vegan spicy chicken wrap and see what they think.  I think I wasted $30 on our 2 lunches.
One of the best vegan restaurants I have ever eaten at! The customer service is awesome and matches the quality of the food. Price is a little high but not complaining the meals are worth every penny!
OK so I havent been here in over 6 months...

I had the vegan tuna melt sandwich and and did enjoy it. It is still pretty pricey at 8.99 plus a buck to make it vegan... It looks like finely chopped veggie meat with chopped onions and celery in a vegenaise sauce on regular wheat bread.
My husband ordered the vegetarian spicy chicken wrap which was also good.
Both dishes comes with either a plain mixed greens or chips. 
Husband ordered the sparking blood orange ice tea. Refreshing but again... 5.50 and no refills....
We ordered the apple crumble cake and the lemon raspberry cream cake. Both were good! I think I remember the red velvet cupcake being a bit more fluffy and light but it may be because its baked in a smaller mould.
 I definitely enjoy seeing the display of various vegan desserts. This is definitely a huge plus for vegans who always get screwed when it comes to dessert (sorbet or fruit cup?)

With tip, the meal for 2 comes out to be quite a splurge! I wish it was a bit cheaper and I would return more often....
Been here don that! And how convenient it is that Red Valvet Cafe is next to my Yoga Studio....a great veggie pick to dine in after a challenging practice of yoga! 

This place is definitely good, but I do think it is quite pricey. 

Their salads are fresh and tasty, but too expensive. I particularly enjoyed their taco salad.  I really like the avocado and basil spaghetti. There are more Veggie items that I want to try and will give an update. 

So far Red Velvet has not failed me yet, except for their prices in Salads ($12.95 for a salad is just way too expensive in my book)!
red velvet is unlike any other cafe or restaurant in las vegas. i am bay area grown and raised, live a veggie life style and am so used to different options anywhere i go when it comes to eating a great meal. 

so far, red velvet is the closest thing i have found to home as far as grubbing goes. they have vegan, vegetarian, and even options for the carnivore. 

i give this place a 5 mainly because they are able to fulfill all my vegan and vegetarian needs. besides this, i can bring my friends and family members along who do eat meat and it helps with an effortless decision. they have excellent service, the place is always poppin, the food is always so delicious, and it's a taste of home. 

most veggie and vegan places can be kind of pricey and my theory is because of the prep work, the cost of organic product, and the love that goes into creating a beautiful meal. still, it's worth it and gives me ideas for my next creations. =)
If it wasn't for the excellent desserts, this place would be boarded up. 

My wife loves this place, but she and her friends who regularly go always warn people of the poor service. I've now been twice, and won't be back. It is the worst service I've ever experienced. 

Both times it has taken at least 10 minutes to get even a glass of water. More than 20 minutes before an order is taken. 

It is a casual restaurant that should be getting people in and out in 30 minutes, yet we've barely ordered by the time we should be leaving. 

I've had two different wraps there and both were bland. The spicy crispy chicken wrap was even bland. How can something called spicy be bland?

I ordered the baked fries with my wrap, and was told it would be an extra $1.99. No problem. When the food was delivered it came with a small 1/3 filled ramekin (small cup) of ketchup. I immediately requested more ketchup. I had to flag down the waitress from across the room about 10 minutes later to ask about the ketchup. She said, "They didn't bring it?" Yeah, right. Then five minutes later she came by to clear the plates, we weren't done. I again asked for ketchup. Five minutes after that, when my wrap was done and my fries were cold, a busser brought me ketchup. 

We waited another five minutes to remind her we had ordered dessert. And 10 minutes after we were done, empty sodas and waters for half the meal now, we sat there. Again, we had to flag her down to ask for the check. 

This place would run much better if we could order ourselves from a counter and have them call a number when our food was ready. Yeah, I really did just say the service is so bad, I'd rather serve myself. 

The desserts come with the hard-to-believe claim that they are all under 200 calories. But they are so tasty that I suspend disbelief and dig in. The vanilla chocolate chip cake is amazing. The signature red velvet cake is very good also. As are the cookies. 

My wife regularly brings home the desserts after she goes with her friends. That is the only way I will ever experience this place again.
Las Vegas vegans and vegetarians ("v&vs") are nuts for Red Velvet Café.  Given my experience that v&vs think any place that has more than one vegan-friendly option is "amazing," I went in thinking this place would be completely overrated and serve incredibly bland food.  I was wrong.

Red Velvet Cafe has a wide variety of vegan options, but there is plenty of meat on the menu, as well.   And most importantly, the restaurant understands that v&v food doesn't automatically have to be tasteless raw food.  The group I went with had the buffalo chicken wrap with an excellent, spicy buffalo sauce, fresh ingredients and a quality piece of chicken; a hot, cheezy vegan panini which was loaded with faux turkey (actually pretty substantial and tasty), cheeze (a.k.a. fake cheese that actually melts, which if you have ever been subjected to vegan cheeze, is a pleasant surprise) and delicious bread with deep panini-style grill lines.

But why are we discussing dinner?  The place is named for its red velvet cake, and for good cause.  It's the best red velvet I've ever had-moist and delicious with the perfect frosting (not too sugary, but sweet enough).
I am a big fan of RVC...and that won't change. My update is that I do believe that RVC is striving to improve what could be seen as their slow service. While dining today, first time in 2 months, we noticed that there were a couple more wait staff than usual, and they were very attentive to all of the customers. To be clear, we've never had a problem at Red Velvet Cafe. I don't mind waiting for my food because it is prepared with health in mind. But increased staff is always a good thing. 
We had another friend from out of town and brought her here. She is a bit more open to veggie fare than other our friends. She has had veggie cuisine all over the world, and at many of the veggie places in Denver. She commented to us that the desserts were the best she had ever had. We got one dessert we'd not tried before - the double chocolate fudge cake. Super rich, delicious and 190 calories. WOW!
We also enjoyed a great lunch where the food was as good as usual.
Ok I really feel torn to give it a bad review..... 

The problem is...1 cookie is not 15-20 calories. 
They needed something to back this up. 
No vegan cookie is 15-20 calories. 

The desserts are really good, but I don't believe they are being honest about the calories. I am a skeptic, but this is a major deterrent for me.
i'm a vegetarian and was really looking forward to this highly recommended place. i'm immediately turned off that they serve actual real meat in a vegan restaurant. I will say that my unsweetened ice tea mixed with mango lemonade (mixed by myself) was delicious. the side salad with my pannini was excellent!!! pannini was DISGUSTING i could have made a to-furky pannini at home thank you. the highly recommended red velvet was very good for being 150 calories and 5 grams of fat. very disappointed :( service was SO SLOW and it was only us and two other tables....slow food +bad service = me no going again :( sadly! i was really excited
This might be difficult to review based on one visit but...

LV generally sucks as far as vegan options go (outside of donuts). Being from out of town and based primarily on The Strip, RVC is a bit of a trek. Of course, if you are vegan, on the strip, and have transportation, you will need to go here.

The menu is quite diverse and they easily substitute any of the meats with meat analogs- even (kinda) crispy chicken! The portions are also very generous. I had a (vegan) spicy crispy chicken wrap and I totes enjoyed it. You might as well skip the side salad and Baked Lay's. Save room for dessert.

The desserts are deceivingly large portions as well. Who doesn't like various nomz cakes with very sweet frosting?

I must also commend the service. Our server was super friendly and helpful!

All-in-all, RVC would get 3 stars as it is good but not great- except that  by Vegas standards, it is easily 4 stars.
I have no idea how this place has such good reviews. I came here with my bf recently and once we entered we weren't greeted for a while. We went to the cashier and asked him if we just sit anywhere and he looked at us like we should've known that already. 

He gave us our menus which was your generic "vegan" menu with wraps, paninis, salads, and a minuscule variety of anything else.  We opted for pasta that had fake meat and avocado in it. We got fries with cheese and tomatoes for our appetizer. The pasta came with a very bitter side salad. And drinks? We just stuck to water, there was no way we were paying for their ridiculously priced drinks. 

The whole time it seemed like the server/cashier guy was mad at us. He kind of sighed when we only ordered one dish and every time we looked at him he wasn't smiling, unless he was talking to a regular. 

The bitter salad came after 10 minutes. 20 minutes after that we still didn't have our food, not even the fries. We noticed a couple sitting in front of us that was already there when we got in; They looked like they were getting antsy and nothing was on their table yet. The girl went up to the cashier to ask her how much longer they're going to have to wait since it looked like they weren't doing anything in their kitchen, and he told her it won't be much longer. THEN you see them start making their sandwich and chickn nuggets. They got their tiny plate of chicken nuggets along with their sandwich and boy did they look mad! I would've been mad too if it took them almost an hour to bring out a sandwich and 5 nuggets. 

About 40 minutes into waiting we got our fries and pasta. 

Wow, those fries were disgusting! You can totally tell how dried out and gross they must've been by the pictures I provided. It was like they chopped some potatoes,sprinkled cheese on top and left them in the oven to burn. Then took them out and sprinkled a few pieces of tomato on it. If I had my eyes closed while eating this I probably would've thought it was cardboard that a homeless person wrote on. 

The pasta....was even worse. It tasted spoiled, like they went and left it in someone's car for a day, then took it back inside and put some fresh avocado on it. It was just sour and very bland. The fake meat on it tasted just like the pasta, it added no flavor. The only thing it added to the dish was the artificial appearance of it looking good. 

It really bugs me when "Vegan" places stick to serving bland food and charging more money for it just because it has the title of being Vegan. Considering I've gone to many other REAL vegan joints, I can safely say that this place deserves one star. Their fake meat has absolutely no flavor or any texture that makes it seem real at all. 

Just go to an asian restaurant and order lots of flavorful vegan selections for half the price.
Just ate here for lunch today. I went with the Taco Salad with chicken. It was pretty huuuuge. I only ate half and I am ready to ktfo! I have 2 hours more of work.. let's hope I get through it without comatosing. 

The taco shell is a chipotle shell.. wondering if it is homemade.. probably. My favorite part is the black beans & rice. I was thinking it'd be full of beans, but has a nice balance between the rice and beans. It also had grilled chicken and topped with iceberg lettuce, cheese and avocados. On the side were two containers of mild if anything, salsa. I do agree with Honey T. that $12.95 for a salad is just plain outrageous!! 

I really wish they had their dinner menu at this time because that has soft tacos, teriyaki, curry, etc. 

I did place a phone order, knowing it'd be busy. They told me it would be ready in about 25 mins. I thought that was a little long.. good thing I had called. It was pretty busy in this small little cafe. It is very modern looking. Most of the tables were full. They had my phone order all ready to go when I arrived there about 10 mins early.

I had been here a couple years ago when they had first opened and I noticed their food really has improved since I last ate there. When I first went there, I got some sort of rice salad.. I didn't even see it on the menu. I can't really describe it being such a long time ago.. but I do remember it not being very good and me wishing I had ordered something else. My boyfriend got a panini and said it was okay. 

They have also expanded from the last time I've been there and have a little bakery section and more tables. Very cool.. I think it took over a part of 8ono8 musubis. (man i miss that place!) 

I have not tried any of their desserts except for their vegan cookies which are... ughhh.. like drugs!! They are soooo tasty and full of flavor and not to mention addicting. I can eat a whole pack by myself and they are less than 100 calories for 4. Not that I really count calories.. but just the fact that it is.. is pretty awesome in itself. I swear, better than non-vegan, hydrogenated oils, refined flour/sugar crap like chips ahoy. They melt in your mouth and are sweet but not too sweet. 

Will definitely be back again.. but probably will try their pastas and/or give their panini's a shot again.
First off, I need to start with this impressing feat: every single item on their menu can be made vegan. 

Let me repeat: even the MEAT items, can be made VEGAN. AND great tasting. Ba-boom. 

Although the items are a bit pricey, it's well worth it. Matt and I ordered the vegan chicken nugget appetizer (not really worth the $6, but it still tasted good, and they looked like homemade versions), I got the taco salad made vegan and a red velvet cupcake, and Matt ordered the buffalo chicken wrap vegan-style and a blueberry crumble cake. 

The cakes we ordered to-go, because once we saw the size of our meals we knew we would need to eat them at a later time. My taco salad was HUGE. I believe there was faux meats, but I know for sure there was a giant tortilla bowl, lettuce, dairy-free cheese, beans, and rice with a side of spicy salsa. Totally delicious! I don't think I even finished half of this monster since the damn thing was bigger than my head. 

Matt's buffalo chicken wrap, well I didn't get to look at it because it was devoured by the time my eyes adjusted to the size of my taco salad bowl. That tells you something right there. 

The desserts we ate at home, and were fabulous as always. 150 calories for a giant vegan red velvet cupcake that actually - *gasp!* - might be HEALTHY for you is awesome. I couldn't eat these things every day as much as I'd want to, but man are they delicious. 

Only knocking a star off due to pricing and the fact that service was a little slow, albeit nice. I have a nice lunch set up tomorrow with trying to finish that taco salad o' doom, we'll see how that goes. I will definitely be back to try some other items soon!
I discover this place unintentionally.. One of my favorite restaurant is located right next to it :p. One day, me and my two friends, we all went  to try the meals from their dinner menu. I had 'Italian Twist Wrappini (sliced turkey, pepperoni, roasted tomatoes, shredded lettuce, mozzarella and pesto mayo in a spinach tortilla-$9.95). The meal is available with a vegan options which is pretty good for someone who doesn't want meats on their plate... The dinner came with a small salad with vinaigrettes which wasn't too acidic at all. Overall, the taste was very light and pretty good. I really like the taste of spinach tortilla..I can see myself dine here again if I feel like eating something healthy and light in taste once in a while :p After two hours later having dinner at Red Velvet, both me and my friend were getting hungry again even though we finished the whole dinner -.-;;; 
I still want to try their bakery next time!
I love this place!  Life is short - we'll start with dessert first:  I have not had a bad dessert here!  The Red Velvet cake is awesome, but once you've tried that, you HAVE to branch out to some of the other varieties.  My favorite so far has been the chocolate banana, followed closely by the chocolate peanut butter.  Did I mention that these are vegan?  I truly don't know how!  

The entrees have been really good as well.  The chicken curry was amazing, with just the right amount of spice.  The mac & cheese was very cheesy, but not really to my taste.  The quacamole appetizer is excellent, however, with some spicy jalapenos thrown into the mix. 

I've had the mojito tea a couple of times, and it's pricey, but really good!

We'll be back - again and again and again!!!
To be fair, it has been about 6 mo. since my last visit here, so maybe something has changed. I will make sure to revisit and update my review accordingly. I love, love, love the premise! Vegas desperately needs more health-conscious, vegan-friendly restaurants--and Red Velvet fits the bill for those perfectly. I liked the decor, modern, glitzy, fun. Service lacked however. I tried to get in and out as quickly as possible (was on my lunch break), and it was tough to even find the waiter, not even talking about talk to him. He was nice enough, but very difficult to find. 

I liked the food--it was creative and simple at the same time. Although the food did not "wow" me, I appreciated its healthfulness. I liked the healthy, baked fries. I did not particularly liked the buffalo "chicken" wrap. I found it to be a bit  tasteless and not as described. The deserts did not strike me as very creative. 

I love the concept and the food was average. I will come back at least one more time to try a few other offerings. 3.5 from me here.
The name says it all, you can't go here and not try their red velvet cake: it's awesome, the best i've ever had, & it's vegan! I recommend the veg tuna wrap for an entree (it's fabulous) and their veg chicken for an appetizer. Their smoothies aren't my style & kind of pricey so i do recommend sticking to the bottled drinks; but overall this place is phenomenal! Pros: friendly staff, great food, great options, nice dining environment, very chique. Cons: pricey.
Got taken here by my terrific boyfriend Matthew C. for my 24th birthday last night and it was just lovely. 

He ordered a turkey-bacon-avocado panini club vegan-style, and I got the vegan macaroni and cheese because I was dying for some comfort food. Both came with a balsamic salad as a side. Both our portions were huge! I almost didn't finish the mac and cheese but it was so good I had to, it was a good-size hearty bowl. It didn't taste exactly cheesy, but it was nice and creamy, kind of like an alfredo sauce. It did have some melted cheese on top and tasted great with some added pepper. The salad came on the side of the bowl on a plate and it was also a generous portion with spring greens and just enough dressing.

We ended up getting the same server as the last time we came in, but service was a bit better although she is a bit of a ninja, randomly popping up every now and again. 

Even though we were most definitely satiated, what's a birthday without some birthday cake? I eschewed my usual choice of a red velvet cupcake as the vanilla chocolate chip cake was calling my name, and Matt got the cinnamon swirl cake - both vegan. They were brought to us WARM which made all the difference. Note to self: even if the portions are huge, don't get dessert to-go or heat it up yourself at home, it is YUMMY. The cake was just sweet enough and warm enough, and HUGE. So freakin' delicious, their desserts really are can't-miss. 

I have a feeling that even though the service is a bit spotty at times we'll still be coming back over and over again since I'm now a vegan, and I'm going to try and branch out to try all of their vegan desserts because HOT DAMN that cake was so delectable, Matt's was too! (We each only got one bite of each others' cakes before we went to town!) As Matt would say: LOVE THAT GODDAMN RED VELVET CAFE.
It appeared very obvious that Red Velvet Cafe would win me over, upon the moment we arrived- due to their lovely decor, likely furnished by IKEA. The modern bar stools & high tops were aesthetically pleasing. Unfortunately, not very practical when dining in such a confined area. I couldn't really get comfortable while eating, which was a turn off, at first.

To start out, we ordered "Chicken/ Vegan Nuggets". When I read this on the menu, I thought "Oh cool, you have an option to get either chicken or vegan style". Apparently, I was very wrong. Our vegan nuggets were average, definitely not chicken, but not horrific either. I really enjoyed the tangy red sauce that they were served beside. I'm still kicking myself for not asking what it was- I wanna go with...something vinegar based?!

For our main course, my boyfriend & I shared the Buffalo Chicken Wrap. I wasn't really sold on this when we ordered it. Not because I'm shy about spicy things, but because its described as " Lettuce, Tomato, Buffalo Sauce, Ranch and Cheese" (I mean really, how exciting can you be, Buffalo Chicken Wrap?). Despite its very bland description, there are so many complements it deserves! First of all, you know when you're eating a wrap & its hard to take bites without pieces of lettuce, meat, or other veggies escaping because they are too long? How about chopped lettuce (no yucky iceberg pieces) mixed with cheese, lightly covered in ranch & cubed grilled chicken tossed in buffalo sauce- all cozy in a wheat wrap. Very easy to eat, without excess food particles falling out! I also loved the fact that it was served with baked chips. I give this wrap 4 stars!

Lets get down to my favorite part of every meal...DESSERT! So, you can't go to the Red Velvet Cafe without ordering Red Velvet Cake. No regrets there, at all. Although I was very shocked when I found out that the entire piece of cake that I consumed was only 150 calories (not that I'm couting) AND completely vegan!!! It tasted like a heart attack, although its significantly less volatile than that Little Debbie Snack Trash your mom put in your lunch box. Without a doubt, the best red velvet that I've ever experienced. The frosting was heavenly, the cake was rich, & the strawberry on top- refreshing.

Will I return to Red Velvet Cafe? YES, can't wait!
Everyone knows Red Velvet Cafe as a vegetarian and vegan hot spot. That reputation has made this carnivore less than excited to ever try it. I finally gave it a try and I'm glad I did. Walking in, I wasn't sure if you're supposed to order at the cash register or grab a seat and wait for the staff to come to you. Looking a little confused, the manager walked us over to an empty table and told us someone would be with us shortly. We waited and waited and 10-15 minutes later someone finally dropped off menus.

I was pleasantly surprised to see chicken, ham, and even bacon in many dishes. According to the menu all of those dishes can be made vegetarian-friendly. We ordered a chicken panini with spinach and mushrooms and a caprese panini. The chicken panini was bland and I couldn't taste any of the pesto that was supposed to be in the sandwich. The other sandwich was decent. Both came with a side salad with a tasty vinaigrette dressing.

While the sandwiches were solid, if unspectacular, the best reason to visit Red Velvet Cafe is to taste their red velvet cake. It's said that they're only 150 calories. That's hard to believe because the cake was so rich, dense and moist and the topping was delicate, light, and sweet. It wasn't the best red velvet cake I've ever had (that award goes to the one at Nothing Bundt Cake) but for being under 200 calories it's excellent.

The service never really recovered from it's slow start. Our waiter was very personable, but he just wasn't around much. So, if you're looking for a quick meal you might want to look elsewhere. Otherwise, don't let their reputation scare you off. If you get shivers down your spine whenever someone mentions the word "vegetarian" don't worry... they have something for every taste. And, don't forget dessert.

3.5 Stars
so i had the name sake red velvet 'mini cake', which is basically an over sized cupcake. a mini cake should have layers and be a mini cake, which this was not. the frosting was okay, it wasnt great but it wasnt terrible either (i am not a fan of the presentation as a whole but that a completely different subject for me then taste and textures). the actual flavor of the cake was pretty alright, but the texture was completely off. it was spongey and almost gritty. I wasnt impressed and wouldnt order it again, esspecially for the price. 

the actual food menu is okay (at best), being vegan i seem to be taken here by at least one person everytime i am in town so I have had a few different things off it. the taco salad is pretty alright, a decent portion for the price but not a complete knock out for me. a couple of the paninis where alright, but again not a knock out. 

the knock out is the super cute boy behind the counter. red velvet needs to keep him staffed because he is the highlight of this place. being super sweet, having a great smile and being knowledgeable about all the menu items.

3 stars for (at the very least) trying and have awesome/cute/knowledable staff/
Just because your in Vegas does not mean you have to eat at a buffet! I love finding local fav's, and while this is off the beaten path for most tourists its totally worth it. I mostly eat vegan/ vegetarian food so thanks to the wonderful yelp i did a search and found the Red Velvet Cafe! Anything can be made vegan or vegetarian and for meat eaters you have plenty of options as well! Food= amazing... and sweets... well its in the title! WONDERFUL! Next time im in Vegas I will make a stop here once again thats for sure.
i love healthy vegan food and low calorie desserts. a friend recommended me to try this place out. i get my hair done at tonic 2 which is right next door so one afternoon after a highlight session i decided to give it a go.
i ordered the buffalo veggie chicken wrap with a side of chips. (baked lays.) devoured it in less than ten minutes. something about their buffalo sauce had my mouth watering for more. so yummy! my dad enjoyed their strawberry banana shake. i had a sip and it tasted like a meal in itself so i suggest if you have a small stomach like me to just stick to water with your meal. i have also tried the california panini from there and it was pretty good, but still my favorite is the buffalo chicken wrap.
now off the savory and onto the sweet dessert. they are known for their red velvet cake and now i know why. ADDICTING! and so low fat so ladies...don't be shy and eat away. at 150 calories and 4 grams of fat (this is what the waitress told us) how could you share? my dad bought me another one to take home! haha they have a few other vegan cakes that i cannot wait to try! if they are anything like the red velvet then i know what i want to have at my parties from now on as eats!
the only reason i -1 a star was for service purposes. sometimes they aren't so attentive and you have to wave your waitress/waiter down to get a refill on water. i see that every time i go back though it does get better so at least they are working on that and with that and the food i cannot wait to go back!
Great food decent pricing...
 you have to kind of know it isnt going to taste like fast food but 
if you are in the mood for something alternative its cool!
Over all these guys are great!!!
I went here several months ago and haven't been back yet, but I've thought of going back many times.

I went with a friend for lunch and we both ordered something vegetarian -- I don't remember what.  What both of us remember about the meal is that we were not really impressed.  Whatever we had just wasn't memorable.

The dessert was another story.  We got a slice of the namesake red velvet cake, and a slice of another kind of cake, which might have been a carrot cake.  We both remember the cake being moist and enjoyable, definitely the highlight of the meal.  

We also remember the waitress being inattentive to us, (but flirting with another waiter), and the service was a little slow. 

If I go back to the Red Velvet Cafe sometime, it will most likely be just for the cake, although I might also be willing to give the lunch menu another try.
Hi everyone. Especially the lucky visitors of Las Vegas who are reading this yelp! I have to admit I'm not much for writing reviews, though I do read them and that is how my wife and I found Red Velvet Cafe. We have been vegan for about two years now, and everyone who is vegan knows that it is very difficult to find awesome food that we can eat. We came to Vegas for my wifes birthday(a tradition for us on our birthdays), and on this trip we found a top 5 vegan place for us to eat. YEA!  we look forward to coming back next trip and try something more. So if you are vegan and visiting Vegas take it from me, as i used to live here, there isn't much for vegan fare here. Thankfully the gang at Red Velvet is doing thier part to change that. Great job and keep up all you do! And yes the red velvet cake was simply amazing. Thank you for making my wife's birthday special. Just let me say that the people of Las vegas are very lucky to have a vegan frienly place of this quality! Greg & Lisa (phoenix) 

Yesterdays meal was so good we decided to return today. We shared the vegan taco salad. It was amazing. both of us commented on the rice in the tortilla. Very different, and tasty. Todays dessert was vegan carrot cake. OMG! Simply the best i have ever had vegan or not!  And believe me i know carrot cake, it is my second fave. (german chocolate w/coconut icing is #1 and always will be)

Tomorrow is our last day :(, and we are contemplating our third trip. Everyone was so friendly we may make this happen. I saw a vanilla chocolate chip cake with my name on it! 

Anyway, we will always find a way to get here when we come to town. If you are vegan and you can visit Red Velvet please make the time, you will not be dissappointed. 

Until May?
this place is such a treat!  my world of eateries in LV has always been so small. nearly every trip has always meant trips to various buffets on the strip or to chinatown.  

what a breath of fresh air to find this lovely jewel on sahara blvd!  this restaurant offers healthy, tasty menu options for all types of eaters.  in addition to menu items made with meat, vegetarian and vegan menu items are generous, especially when every meat dish can be made vegetarian or vegan!

restaurant is super clean, comfortable, and staff are super friendly. service is prompt too!

my friends and i split the following (all were made vegetarian upon request):
turkey club w/ side salad
veggie grill panini w/ side salad
sausage pizza w/ side salad
baked french fries

the side salad is made with fresh firm field greens and tossed with a tangy dressing-delicious!

the sandwiches are made with wheat bread and fat-free mayo.  

numerous meat substitutes are available for turkey, chicken, ham, bacon, turkey, shrimp, tuna, salmon, and ground beef.  

we ordered sandwiches because we needed to eat quickly, but they have plenty of other dishes, such as curry, pastas, quesadillas, teriyaki rice, and pizzetas.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and it has since been my restauant of choice!
Its kind of a weird strip mall location but there's always parking available and its in a safe part of Vegas. I have never had to wait for seating and everyones always been extremely friendly. The seating is semi comfortable but its just casual dining so I didn't expect much.
The service is fast. They have a good selection of different foods and you can have them vegan, vegetarian, or with meat. Which is good if your going with someone who won't even try vegetarian food.
It is a tad pricy but its amazing, good quality food and as always its nice to support a local place!
My husband and I split the vegan chipotle Caesar salad and both agreed it was outstanding. I had a vegan chicken provolone panini. It was nothing special. However, the vegan red velvet cupcake was fantabulous. A must have. The cupcake alone would easily earn five stars from this vegan. The cool thing about this cafe is that everything on the menu can be modified to be vegan or vegetarian. Makes it easy for vegans and vegetarians to dine with omnivores.
Stopped by for lunch with a fellow Yelper the other day.  Heard this was an organic healthy, Vegan & Vegetarian hangout.....that also served the Carnivores, so I was eager to give it a try and see what it feels like to be a Vegan in a Steakhouse (since I'm a Carnivore).  

This was one of the most difficult reviews for me to write.  This place has so much potential.....I wish there was a 1/2 Star system because I want to give it 3.5 Stars and was on the fence for 3 or 4 Stars, here's why:

The menu is pretty extensive and has a lot of items that pique'd my interest, such as: Grilled Chicken Soft Tacos ($12.95), Buffalo Chicken Wrap ($7.99), Pepperoni Pizzetta ($8.95)....wait, what's a Pizzetta?  Turns out it's a Pizza.....come on, enough with the goofy names already, just call it a Pizza and call it a day!  A lot of stuff looked good and I was surprised at the number of items available for Carnivores....I ended up ordering their Fire Fries (Baked Fries topped with Hot Sauce, Pico de Gallo, Mozzarella & Cheddar Cheese $7) and a Chicken Panini (w/Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil with Pesto $7.95).  The server asked if I wanted the Vegan Cheese on the Fire Fries....I passed and wanted the full monty.

To wash it down, I had some Iced Tea ($2.50)....which was awesome BTW.

The service was a bit slow.  It took some time for the waiter to take our order and the table next to us had to stop a busperson to get their order taken too.  It was 11:30 am and the lunch rush hadn't started yet, so I don't know what the issue was.  Anyway, it wasn't too bad but was borderline annoying.....another few minutes and it would have cost them a Star.

Our food came out after a short wait and I was surprised to see how HUGE the Fire Fries were!  I thought this was suppose to be a "healthy" restaurant?!  LOL  For a minute I thought I was in Claim Jumper!  The Fries look too good, so I attacked them first.  The top layer of Fire Fries were awesome....baked well and had good flavor.  However.....the middle and bottom portion of the Fries were undercooked and semi-raw, not good.  Also, the cook didn't spread the ingredients throughout the dish.....the Hot Sauce and Pico de Gallo was only in one corner of the dish, buried under the top layer of Cheese.  The other 3/4 of the dish was only melted Cheese and the Fries.  This was a damn shame because the portion with all of the ingredients was awesome!  The rest of it was just so/so.  He/she needs a lesson in making a consistent dish.

The Chicken Panini was next.....after I took one bite I realized I made a big mistake.  The combination of Fire Fries and the Chicken Panini wasn't good.  The sharp, spicy flavor of the Fire Fries overwhelmed my taste buds so when I ate my Chicken Panini it tasted bland.  This is not the restaurant's fault, but mine.  So my review of the Panini is incomplete.  The side Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette was awesome though.  

Another note....the Panini came with Whole Grain Bread as a default....I wasn't given an option for any other type of Bread, but saw other people with Panini's with what appeared to be White Bread....wish I had the choice.

Overall, this place has a lot of potential.  That's what made it so difficult for me to rate it....the 1/4 of the Fries that had all of the ingredients and were cooked thoroughly tasted awesome but the raw Potatoes in the middle was a turn off.  For now they get 4 Stars for their Vegan/Vegetarian menu options and the potential of their Fire Fries.

Will I return?  I will someday to try a couple more items that intrigued me.
My favorite place in this city! So many options and so delicious! You can go with a huge group and everyone can be happy. I have tried almost all of the desserts :) and they are all fantastic! AND under 200 calories!!!! The staff is always nice and helpful... can't go wrong with this place!
Day 5 of our month as vegetarians so we finally decided to check this place out.  Prices are pretty reasonable.  We also opted for no appetizer to save room for dessert.

My wife got the veggie chicken/mozzarella panini with a side of salad.  I got the buffalo veggie chicken wrap with salad also.  The protein they used for the chicken was ok but I've had better fake chicken.  My wrap had a nice spice kick to it but we both preferred the panini.  

The red velvet cake was pretty interesting.  This was the first time either of us had ever eaten warm red velvet.  The frosting was a bit strange at first but we were definitely liking and ready to get a couple of them to go by the end.  

The rest of the desserts looked pretty good so I will come back to at least try those.  I'm on the fence about the entrees.  

Kinda counting the days til the end of the month already.
Today's lunch choice was Red Velvet Cafe... I will say that I was pleasantly pleased.. I looked over the menu a few days ago and selected a few options to put on our lunch schedule and today my order happened to be the Grilled chicken artichoke heart and spinach melt minus the cheese.. I know this sounds very dry and uninviting but it was far from that. 

All of the Ingredients were very fresh and flowed well together, the spinach was fresh as well as the artichoke hearts. and they did not skimp on any of the ingredients used. One of the only things that I think could be improved on is the side options for the sandwiches. My order came with a hand full of Baked lays, I would like the option for a fresh garden salad with a vinaigrette or something. 

The others in my group ordered other items like the Chicken Caesar wrap on a spinach tortilla and the Buffalo Chicken Wrap on a Spinach Tortilla. They all enjoyed it except for the lady that ordered the Caesar wrap... She is used to bottled Caesar. I wish everyone could have seen her face when she took a bite of the wrap due to the strong taste of the fresh Caesar Dressing. 

Overall I am very pleased with the product and we will be back to try some of the other healthy lunch options they offer.
Although small and understated, this little cafe has a large cult following, including me!  All dishes come with vegetarian options, and many with vegan options as well.  And don't let this make you think that they substitute flavors for the veggies.  With every vegetarian dish there is as much flavor as the real thing!

And the dessert!  150 calories for an individual red velvet cake?  This is not real, right?  Well, if it is, there must be a lack of flavor...right?  WRONG!  The dessert is the most delicious thing that you have ever tasted, and no one would ever believe that it is only 150 calories for the entire thing AND delicious.  I love this place and would live here if I could.  Mmmm.
Took my parents to Red Velvet tonight - was sooo delicious!  Fresh, organic and reasonably priced.  I had a chicken and veggie stir fry - my bro the halibut with pesto - my husband shrimp tacos.  We all loved our meal and felt good as we were leaving!  Great service and owner brought us a piece of red velvet on the house!  Truly a great locals spot.  Second location opening in Fashion Show we were told....mmmmm.
I came here twice yesterday.  Once to meet my friend for lunch and later between classes to play chess.  Mac and cheese was creamy and good.  The customers are also really friendly, a group
This may be my favorite place in Las Vegas to eat aside from the fact they don't serve alcohol. It is a vegan based restaurant but offers meat for those who aren't vegan. 

Everything is organic, low-fat, and tastes great. Food options include salads, mini pizzas, paninis, rice bowls, and meals. However, the best thing about this place is the desserts. 

Their selections of cupcakes, including red velvet, and cookies are low calorie but you won't think it when you're eating it. 

Service can be a little slow sometimes when the place is packed so just remember to be patient.
Holy Shitakee, this place has the most amazing vegan tuna melt I've ever had (vegan or non-vegan). It comes with crumpled up fresh bread, delicious cheese and best tuna salad I've had anywhere.

The vegan pizza was great too and came with a generous amount of cheese on top, but nothing beats the tuna melt.

The staff are really friendly and look super happy to work there. Great restaurant!

The only drawback to this otherwise awesome place, is all the meat dishes on the menu. I heard the place was originally intending to be more vegan, but I suppose restaurants needs to make money by catering to larger audiences. :(

-Yana
For more vegan reviews, pictures and recipes, visit http://www.littlemissvegan.com
While researching vegan restaurants in Vegas, my husband and I found this place, thanks to quarrygirl.com.  We drove off the strip to check it out.  We weren't disappointed.  We had a salad and tomato, mozzarella, and basil pizza.  The mozzarella was no-this-can't-really-be-vegan cheese and was out of this world.  I had to ask what kind it was, and learned its a soy cheese made specially for them (darn - no buying some at the market :))

We also split a red velvet cupcake and there are hardly words to describe it.  Vegan baked goods can be on the dryer / harder side (or maybe that's just my vegan baking) but this red velvet cupcake had to have been the most moist, fluffy cupcake I've ever had. 

Not only am I glad we tried this place out, I'm glad that places like this exist.  Vegan diets can and should be promoted and in our culture, where eating out and socializing while eating are important to us, I'm glad options like the Red Velvet Cafe exist.  By seeing them and promoting them, it helps inspires other restaurants to offer more vegan friendly options and help people think about accessing vegan options -- either exclusively or occasionally.
Okay guys 20 mins for a spice ice tea and coffee when we tell you that we are in a hurry.  Tell us you cant do it.  Much better than leaving us hanging until we walk out.  So quick tip yelpers you must have time to visit Red Velvet, between a regular following and a mellow staff time can tick by.
My boyfriend took me here on Valentines Day. We aren't too familiar with vegetarian places in Vegas, so thanks to Yelp he found this place.

When we walked in, it looked like there was a speed dating service going on. The tables were set up weird and there were two separate rooms. No one acknowledged that we had walked in and there was no sign to inform us whether we should wait to be seated or seat ourselves. Finally we walked to the kitchen/register area and someone asked if we were picking up or dining in. We told him we were dining in and someone else told us to take a seat in the next room if we didn't have reservations. 

We waited probably 15 minutes and were seated. The waiter tried wayyyyyy too hard to impress us with everything he said and every question that he answered. We ordered the firecracker baked fries to start. They were terrible, too much cheese and soggy/drenched in tabasco (or some sort of thin liquidy hot sauce). I got a zucchini and veg chick'n dish that was entirely too bland. I asked our waiter if I could get some soy sauce and he never came back. My boyfriend got the ham and cheese panini, neither of us liked it either. 

When we were getting ready to leave we asked a woman standing behind the dessert display case if we could get the last apple pie (they were mini) to go. She then informed our waiter that we wanted an apple pie and we saw him carry it away, knowing that he was going to heat it up and put it on a plate. Surely, he did just that. So we had to tell him that it was TO GO, so he transferred it into a plastic container (PAY ATTENTION) and we left. 

No one checked up on us, the waiter was annoying, none of the employees communicated to each other while we were there, the food was gross, the atmosphere was off and it was too expensive. I just know that I will never go back nor will I recommend this place.
I stopped in yesterday looking to buy something sweet to take home.  I found it - their carrot cake cookie.  Wow, what a great dessert.  I need to learn to cut things in half and set aside some to enjoy later.

As it turned out, this was a non-vegan cookie, and that's fine with me.  The stop gave me a chance to scope out the place and know that I want to come back and try some more things.
This really was supposed to be a review of epic proportions with a positive light but a recent visit/incident to the Red Velvet put their good food as something to the past for me. I was visiting Vegas just last week and on our second to last day there we had google searched vegan friendly restaurants in the area and came up with the Red Velvet. We went based on the good reviews of the food to try out our luck and were pleasantly surprised. The food was in fact absolutely amazing. I have never had a vegan dish that was that health consciously filling. The desserts were something to die for and I couldn't believe that the cakes were all under 200 calories AND vegan. NOW, HERE'S THE PROBLEM.... I would've loved to been able to write that and end it on a happy note however an issue occurred that was VERY off-putting for me as a customer. The very next day we found and ate at the Red Velvet we went back to grab food to go for our trip back home, I had also bought almost $100 worth of cakes to take back to my friends and family to try (some vegans some not), you know, to wow them with the news of the good food. I am not the kind of person to excessively worry about how well people are doing their jobs because with how many encounters we have with other businesses as consumers today, that's just too much worry. With that being said, I guess my fault was in the fact that I didn't check our bags to make sure everything was in there. I had only realized that when we got home 2 days later. When I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager he told me he'd look into it and get back to me. Now normally, I would take that as "you're bugging me, I don't have time for this sh*t, so I'll pretend I care to get you off the phone." But because I had such an initial pleasant experience there, I assumed for the best. Not getting a phone call back, I called back the next day and spoke with the manager again who told me their "records and inventory" match and they didn't have any extra food left. I told him I understood but I had basically paid $13 (6.50 each cake) for something I didn't even receive, and continued to ask him how he planned on rectifying this. Longer story short, this manager who originally came off as if he gave a crap basically told me I'm not gonna do the right thing which would have been to just refund me my money and move on. Instead he kept stuttering and ended up hanging up on me.


Now I'm not sure what day and age this man got his so-called "business experience" through or at, but a word to the wise when you go here for anything. Check your food be it to-go or ordering in and make sure you're gonna eat the food you order because chances are if this  guy did this to me for a simple to-go order he'll be a tight ass even if you found a dead rat under your panini, or simply didn't like the food. Most restaurants are smart enough to hold onto customers, NOT PUSH THEM AWAY! Especially the enthusiastic ones who like me live in another state and are your marketing tools! Word of mouth is a very powerful thing now a days, but that doesn't just go for the positive things people have to say about businesses like this, it goes for the NEGATIVE AS WELL!!!
Came for lunch with Elnino F. and Angela H. I'm down for healthy eating so I've been curious to give this spot a try. 

I ordered the Chicken Hummus Wrappini ($9.99) with the vegan "chicken" (I was curious!) and regular mozzarella cheese. It also had lettuce and tomato in a chipotle tortilla. The "chicken" and hummus part was decent, however there was a huge amount of lettuce in there in comparison to chicken, hummus or cheese and for $10, I was hoping I could get at least a even spread of topping and not get a bunch of cheap filler iceburg lettuce. At least pour on the hummus for some nice flavor in it but it was sparse and not evenly spread. After I ate the spot with the hummus it was bland and dry....It was frustrating to get a bite of promise of something good and then bite into bleak nothingness. It comes with a side and I chose salad. What I found odd was that my lettuce didn't look dressed so I moved it around and saw a few leaves were, but not enough to say it was "dressed". It's like they dressed one salad for someone, had a few left and poured it onto my plate and then forgot to dress up another batch and just threw it on my plate. I got vinaigrette after asking but sparse dressing, sparse hummus- is this supposed to make it uber healthy to not add so much sauce or are they just sauce nazis? Give me flavor! No flavor is unhealthy to my state of being! 

I traded a half wrap with Elnino and since his buffalo wrap came with a side sauce, it was better since I can pour on some flavor. 

I heard though desserts were shining. I know Red Velvet is the namesake, but since Elnino got that, I decided to get a comfort favorite of mine- chocolate chip banana bread pudding ($6.50). I was really curious how this was gonna be moist and tasty without the milk aspect of most puddings. At first it kinda tasted like it had some rum in it which was odd, but it was doable. Then I got to a banana chunk and stopped eating- the rummy flavor was made because the banana had gone bad and fermented my cake. 

Elninos warm red velvet was surprisingly good and the service was fairly nice and kept with the ice tea, but I left disappointed. I had a bit of a hope a good spot for veggies exist and after thinking about it this weekend and thinking of all the glowing things people have said to me, I'm rather upset to have paid $24 for that. That can get 2 delicious vegan entrees at my favorite Thai spot around town. 

I'm far from being a vegetarian but I know good flavorful food and this didn't make me want more. I'm from LA and I loved the vegetarian fare at a lot of the vegan spots about town. I loved it that I was a regular at Real Food Daily because it was creative and tasty. I was hoping and wishing that RVC  be my no brainer healthy meal spot but not even sure I want to go back- ever.

I can't give it more than a 2 when taste and value isn't present and makes me wonder how long they let pastries sit around if bananas were allowed to go rank. 

Maybe if you're vegan and don't have much food choices then this place would be okay to go to but I think you're better off going to a vegan friendly Asian place or getting sandwiches from Whole Foods.
When I lived in Summerlin I use to go here after hiking at Red Rock on the weekends. Red Velvet Cafe was always a great ending to a great day. The vegan taco salad is surprisingly good. Thinking about it you won't think so, but you just will have to try it to believe me. :) You can't beat their Red Velvet cupcake either.  I love it when they're hot. The carrot cake/cookie sandwich is great too.
Finally a place that named themselves after something they serve and that dish is ACTUALLY worth naming the restaurant after. That sadly doesn't happened often.
Try Red Velvet Cake! You feel like your cheating but you're not, and that feeling can sometimes be priceless!
BomB!

If you are visiting Vegas and want to eat healthy food. Go to Red Velvet Cafe.

 I dread the food situation whenever planning a trip to Las Vegas. I usually settle on a shitty salad at some buffet or a Subway sandwich about twice a day.

If you are not vegan or vegetarian, don't worry- they've got you covered.  

I had the vegan "chicken" wrap. Delicious! Two of my friends had actual chicken sandwiches and were very satisfied. At the end we were talked into sharing the signature Red Velvet Cupcake. Holy Crap.  Generally, I feel most vegan baking when executed properly is far and above conventional baked goods. However this cupcake is in a class of its own.

Sorry to the guy who posted about "selling out". I however, am pretty stoked to be able to get one of these treats in my neighborhood someday.  Success is a bitch.  Sorry that everyone knows about Radiohead now too. :-(

Go! You'll be glad you did!
I have recently been trying to shift into vegetarian and vegan eating lifestyle. This place is so good. I've been there a few times and the food is always delicious and fresh. Trying their vegan red velvet cake is a MUST! I also recommend their soy mexican hot chocolate.
Are you F-ing kidding....................... No place in Vegas like it. Heaven for my taste buds and amazing non-vegetarian, vegetarian, and vegan menu. The apple of my eye is a Vegetarian and now can order the same meal as me only Vegan instead. I like to cross the lawn every now and then and eat vegetarian as well. The Food is truly amazing, Keep a eye out for Monthly specials as well.
My Wife and I decided to go here for something new and different and with my girl being a vegetarian I thought I couldn't loose with this spot and the rave reviews, Wrong!! I had the chicken burger a very poor execution i might say probably the cheapest chicken you could have pulled out of a frozen bag on a mediocre bun with lettuce and tomato very plain and tasteless. Along with over baked fries. The wife had the spicy peanut tofu dish and another big fail, what i didn't get was that it wasn't spicy or peanuty it was very bland almost tasteless. The service was ok they were nice, we got ice water the first round and warm water for a refill. At this point we still wanted to have dessert to hope for at least one good thing from this experience but couldn't stand to stick around so we got a red velvet cake to go, That was Good! But not worth going back for. This place seems to be hyped for way more than what its worth.
I LOVE this restaurant.  They give you an abundance of food, so anticipate taking a doggie bag home.  I had the guacamole and baked pita chips, and grilled veggie chicken sandwich with baked fries.  I am very impressed with this place. The staff was friendly and attentive.  I plan to go back and try something new next time.
Note that I'm not a full vegetarian/vegan, so this place might be better for those who live that lifestyle.

I ordered the chicken and veggies, and apparently I forgot to order some taste with that meal.  Bland, bland, bland.  And if you're going to put more celery in the dish than any other ingredient... you should say so on the menu please.

$10 for grilled chewy chicken (the real stuff) and mushy tasteless veggies.  It's a pretty straightforward 1-star joint.
This is my favorite vegan place in town. I can't wait till they open at the Fashion show mall.  
LOVE carrot cake cookie sandwich

And YES you can get regular meat also.
Very good vegan options; there's quality and taste. As good as it gets! :)
Their tiramisu is amazing, by the way!!
My 5-star decision was solely made due to the decadence of the RED VELVET CUPCAKE!!! This is as good as it gets!! I have officially bumped all the cupcake spots down one on my list, haha!

WHEN: I have no clue when they open, but I will be sure to ask and update the next time I am there.  The last time I went was on a weekend, and they close doors at 9pm, but they close the kitchen at 8pm, so get there sooner before they close on you!! After 8pm, you can try the desserts that they do have left.

WHERE: Located on West Sahara & Buffalo!

WHAT: As their menu states, "deliciously healthy"!!! I would come here every single day if it was a little bit closer to me, wahh!! I've noticed that people are discouraged to test this place out as soon as they hear the word VEGAN.  Honestly, I was a bit uneasy myself when I heard they served vegan food, but since I love trying new things, I walked in with an open-heart, open-mind, and an OPEN-TUMMY!

FOOD:
-mac&cheese: I had to have a spoonful of my mac!! You can never go wrong with mac&cheese, but it was just an okay dish here.  I don't think I'll be ordering it anytime soon.
-fire fries: Everyone has their own crazy french fry dish!! This was actually pretty unique!! The fries are baked in pico de gallo and cheese... and when they brought it out and I took my first bite, it was for sure FIRE!
-grilled chicken avocado panini: When I took my first bite, I experienced the deliciously healthy part!! It was something different, but it was Yummyyyy!!

DESSERT: The only dessert worth tasting and the only one that I have ever tasted was the Vegan Red Velvet Cupcake!! It is gluten-free, no butter, no dairy, no egg (NO ANIMAL PRODUCT AT ALL) & is mouth-watering! I did not know how scrumptious one cupcake could be... UNTIL THIS ONE CAME INTO MY LIFE! 

The only this I have left to say is.. TRY THE RED VELVET CAKE!! While you're at it, order one for me and send it over! =D
My family went there for the first time yesterday. We had high hopes because it matched a lot of criteria for us: vegan food, "regular" food and kid-friendly. I also have severe food allergies, so that was a factor, too.

Overall, the place is fine. It is small and a bit cramped in terms of seating. It is a little disorganized when they have over-flow and you are not sure where to check in to get a table or wait for a table. But the place is clean and modern. And the staff is friendly.

The service was inconsistent. At first our waiter was very attentive and did take time to go over the menu and food options as we had a mixed table of vegan, vegetarian and meat-eaters. They also put on their menu to tell them if you have any food allergies and if you are vegan/veggie. So I did that and the waiter was very good at handling that and answering questions I had. But when we were ready for desert and the bill, it was hard to get anybody's attention. So, the service waned over time.

The food was good. Everyone seemed to like what they had, so that is good. The high marks were for the deserts, of which they had a lot of vegan options. Always nice to see, especially in Las Vegas.

The downside is that it is only sort of kid-friendly. We have a toddler and there were no high chairs that we could find. No changing tables in the bathrooms. And with the tables so cramped together, it made holding and handling our toddler pretty difficult. Bringing in our stroller to sit our child in was not really an option, either because of how close the tables are. However, we did see several people with smaller babies in carriers and that seemed to work great for them. So, if your baby is still a baby or if your child is a little older and can sit still, then it would be fine.
I came on vacation to Vegas and I research the crap out it everytime I come here.  Recently I discovered Yelp.com so I looked up I swear hundreds of restaurants in different price points.  I brought my male friend who lives in Vegas with me and had never been.  He is a guy, he likes food, he eats a lot and stays skinny...and I hate him for that.  Anyway, I thought I was going to be able to show him this really awesome place with great food because of all the great reviews.  

Let me ask you...do you people have dead tastebuds???

We shared the Fire Fries...those I will give some props to...they were good and left my lips on fire!  But they seem like something you can easily make at home.

We both got smoothies.  I got the Creamy Strawberry one and my friend got the Strawberry Banana one.  They are non fat.  My male man did ask if they had a fat option, they don't.  They were pretty tasteless.  They tasted fresh I will give them that, but there wasn't enough fruit to really give it a kick that it needed.  My smoothie was made with non fat sweet cream and it just tasted like milk with one strawberry grinded in there for color.

Next we both got macaroni and cheese.  It was so bland.  I decided not to eat it because it wasn't worth the calorie in take.  We tried to put some pepper in it, we tried some salt.  Nothing could save it.  We both agreed on this, so it's not like one of us thought it was wonderful and the other was having a grumpy tummy day.  The table next to us didn't care so much for their food either.

On and upside, our server was pretty good...and he refused to sell some lady who came in all of the remaining bags of chocolate chip cookies.  So thank you nameless server guy for that.

Let's talk turkey...I mean dessert (this place is Vegan/Vegetarian for the most part, so there isn't a whole lot of turkey...but they do have it and I wish I had gotten the grilled chicken and turkey panini.) Anyway, the chocolate chip cookies are Vegan.  VEGAN!!!  And delicious.  I mean they were probably the best cc cookies I have ever had.  Pretty much everyone has to leave with a bag of them and now I know why. 

I also had the famous red velvet cupcake.  The reviews on this are spot on...OMG, party in my mouth.  What can I say that hasn't been said about it already?  My male escort got the cinnamon cake.  Also delicious.  

Honestly the atmosphere is the best part.  People who give this place an extra star for the great RV cupcake are really doing other diners a disservice.  I didn't care for the food here and neither did my male companion, however he is going to go back for some dessert.
This review isn't an elegant articulation, it's just the hard truth.  My Lady ordered a full size Red Velvet cake for my birthday party.  She is a vegetarian and I am not. Everyone at the party absolutely did not enjoy the cake!!  Even my Lady!  $45 for a cake, when we could have drank a bottle of vegetable oil and had the same experience.  
The frosting is essentially coagulated vegetable oil, and the cake is bland.  A lot of the guests didn't like any of it.  I personally didn't mind the cake, but hated the frosting.  

Don't buy the cake! It's so oily!

I'm not even sure how these other people might have enjoyed it.  I can only fathom what they eat normally, should they think this cake taste good.  Perhaps those payments for positive reviews help.
This is one of my favorite places to take my out of town visitors to eat, aside from it just being one of my favorite places in general. Red Velvet Cafe is very accommodating for whichever dietary lifestyle yours may be. The friendly faces of the people who work there and the decor(not to mention the incredible food), really create the perfect atmosphere for dining out. Love it!
So I walked in here looking for a place to do some work on my laptop and have some coffee. 'Lo and behold this place is setup more for a lunch type crowd, but I sit down and order an espresso. 

There is no publicly available wifi here, and the espresso was HORRIBLE. I'm fairly sure they use that pop-a-canister into a machine type espresso instead of real coffee beans. I receive the check and it's around $5.00 for one double espresso. I don't think I've ever paid that much in the states, but I digress.

I tried to pay my bill with card since I only had a little cash on me and I wanted to tip my initial waiter since he was pretty attentive/nice. The (I think) manager came by, told me in a very condescending tone that I had to spend at least $10.00 to use card and left. I threw down a $5.00 and left this place. If you're looking for a great cafe with good coffee, food, and people check out Baguette Cafe instead.
When I came here the first time, I didn't realize it was a vegan restaurant. I had to wait a stupidly long time here, cuz the waitress was favoring seating her regulars over our group. I ordered a chicken wrap and I assumed it was chicken and didn't notice otherwise, so YAY! I heard the bakery was amazing so I got an order of the super famous chocolate chip cookies (also vegan!) and they were yummy!!! BUT I made the mistake of not finishing them, so I wrapped them and kept them in my bag. Then I returned to the cookies only to find that they had leached oil EVERYWHERE. This cookies were like 90% oil. Being vegan is great, but these cookies didn't seem like a healthy alternative, so I can't say that I'll go back, and I haven't' gone back since.
I thought it was great.  My first time here it was extremely busy that day (there was quite a wait - about 40 minutes for me, but I really didn't mind at all..just keep in mind that if you come during peak hours you might want to call ahead!)  IT's very modern with lots of seating and plenty of people.  

Their salad is also simple - but very tasty.  I loved the experience.
WOW!  

TONS of Vegan options!  I had the vegan version of the Buffalo Chicken Wrap and it was AMAZING!  Super high quality :-D  My only complaint is that I ordered the wrap with chips and it was served with a pile of baked Lays chips (i was expecting something organic and natural, either homemade chips or a little bag of "brand i've never heard of" organic chips.  I'll opt for the salad next time.

What put the meal in the 5 star range for me is the desert selection!  They have more vegan options than non-vegan options.  I tried the Vanilla Chocolate Chip Cake.  It was big and SOOOOO good!  I will be back every time I'm in Vegas.  It's shaping up to be my favorite restaurant period!
I really like their huge red velvet cake! I am not sure if it is vegan or not - and I do not partake on such dietary restrictions - but it is delicious. I love how they top it with a fresh strawberry, giving it just the right amount of tanginess to the almost too buttery taste of the cream cheese frosting. I also have tried a chocolate raspberry cake, and I would suggest you pass on that. It tasted somewhat bland, which makes me think it iwas probably vegan. But, you must try the red velvet cake!
This place is over rated. Having Tyson's chicken nuggets on the menu is not healthy. The turkey club and salad tasted like shit. I'm never going back there ever again.
Red Velvet Cafe...my heart is melting just typing. This little hidden gem of a cafe is by far one of my favorite places to go for vegetarian and vegan alternatives.It is nice to have a place with  healthy alternative. Here is what I ordered Trust me...you'll love them as much as I love you. Which is a lot.

Taco Salad:  Chipotle Shell Filled With Rice, beans, Grilled Chicken or 
Vegan Meat, Topped With Shredded Lettuce, Cheese, Avocado, Salsa, and love. 
         Ay yi yi! This is possibly my favorite salad ever! Although very simple it is quite the proportion. I actually first tried it with grilled chicken. Although that was divine and the chicken was so fresh and perfectly cooked, I decided to be adventurous and try Vegan Meat. That contradiction alone made me a skeptic. What the heck is vegan meat?!? I'll tell you what it is. It's DELISH. I highly suggest the vegan meat for you carnivore dare devils.

Orange & Blueberry Lemonade:  Don't ask questions. Just drink it.

Now I may have gone a little overboard on the desserts. They were all vegan, but I couldn't say no. So I ordered four different mini cakes. Don't judge me. They were mini which means I can have that many. ( oh and I bought some vegan chocolate-chip cookies for the road.)  ANYWHO

Tiramisu cake, Raspberry/Blueberry cake, Banana Split Cake, and Vanilla Chocolate Chip cake.  

The only one I did not enjoy was the Tiramisu. It was really strong. Like drinking your coffee black and this girl likes 3 Splendas and cream if you know what I mean.

Alll in all my experience was phenomenal. From the food to the over and beyond hospitality from the Red Velvet Team.  

Now go enjoy these delectable options. I double dog dare you. But if you do, please invite me. It is the right thing to do.
Extremely good service! Food was real excellent!! Portions above par had enough to take home and eat later.
I'm not a vegan or anything, but my good friend and I decided to check out Red Velvet Cafe because she has cannot consume animal products for two weeks (doctor's orders- don't screw up your digestive systems, boys and girls).
The location is odd. Sort of out-of-the-way for a Henderson resident, like myself.  I ordered some sort of stir-fry with chicken, crimini mushrooms, zucchini, and garlic over brown rice.  It wasn't too flavorful, but the simplicity was nice, and I really enjoyed it.  Not something I'll be craving, but it was a good early dinner.
She got some sort of vegan-chicken-mock-burger or something.
She said it had a meat-like texture, but was lacking a bit in the flavor.  I don't know, I don't eat this shit.
The vegan Red Velvet Cupcake stole the show- OMG.  I don't know how one could ever make such a buttery, rich frosting vegan.  I was in awe- it was so rich and delicious.  I will definitely be returning for one of these.
Seriously, I am beyond shocked that this place gets the critical acclaim that it gets. My thoughts are it is because, to its credit, there is no competition in the city for this style of "healthy" dining.  Part of the issue, I would guess is that people automatically assume that Vegan is "healthy" when in reality, Vegan is only healthier than other food if it's prepared healthier than other food. Being a transplant and a foodie, with serious withdrawals for excellent, organic, sustainable dining found in other cities, I have returned to the Red Velvet Cafe numerous times hoping that it will be all that its followers build it up to be. 
I ordered a vegetable stir-fry with chicken, assuming it would be healthy chicken (I never eat meat out because I want to know where it came from etc...) Anyway, I trusted that this was a healthy, organic restaurant and when the order came the meat was prefab, injected, marinated, chicken with the fake little grill marks on it. The kind you buy in bulk from Smart and Final or Costco that is injected with fillers, sodium, and mystery flavoring. I was really shocked. Baked lays potato chips accompanied a friend's meal. I'm all for simple cooking but I feel that if you're going to tout yourself as healthy and organic then there is a standard to maintain or at the very least identify on the menu for people what is and isn't organic so they can make educated choices. I couldn't help feeling really duped by the whole experience. 

That being said, the people who work there are for the most part really great. The guy who waited on our table was so sweet and funny. He made the whole experience really enjoyable, despite the crappy food. 
The desserts, if you are into Vegan desserts, are amazing. Again, Vegan isn't necessarily healthier than other options so chocolate cake is chocolate cake, but they definitely did an amazing chocolate cake. 

Can't see myself returning to this restaurant any time soon and I would never recommend it to anyone, which I feel bad about because I know how hard it is to run a restaurant. The issue isn't even that the food wasn't that great, it's more that I feel like the presentation is dishonest...and that really bugs me! It's hard enough for people to try to eat right without being misled.
I was a vegetarian for thirteen years of my life and I think I would have died if this was in my hometown.  

The ultra-fresh options-a-plenty menu is a huge draw for many people, along with the ridiculously rich and delicious signature red velvet cake they feature, (along with other scrumptious similar mini cakes), but for me it's the service and attention to details that pushed them up to five stars.  

RVC is located very West on Sahara - A little out of the way, but it's worth the drive for me.  The staff has been there for some time, meaning that not only are they loyal but happy there, well treated by the owner, and obviously enjoy the food as well.  :)

On first visit about two years ago, I had a Chicken and Spinach Wrap which had a generous amount of artichoke hearts, hot cuts of chicken with just the right amount of mozzarella and pesto, (which can be overwhelming.)

The Chicken, Avocado, and Oil pasta dish I had was out of this world.  It was highly recommended to me by a server and I'm so glad I did because I had to force myself to eat it as slowly as I could.

The owner really put a lot of thought and work into every ingredient that goes into each recipe, the Zen red decor that seamlessly works in the cafe and dining theme (and even into the bathrooms!), and the people who work for her.

The detail that pushed my rating from four to five was the fact that there was a solid 9 months between my initial visit and to my second visit and the waiter, (Alex!), remembered me and was very personable and made it a great experience from start to finish.
First, let me explain that this review is based solely on their vegan chocolate chip cookies. I'm not fond of chocolate and I'm not a vegan but I think that these cookies are simply amazing! Hands down, the best cookie I've ever had.

Plus, if the claims are true, an entire package is only 150 calories! I'm a bit skeptical but if it's true I'm convinced they're magical.
After transitioning to a vegan diet last year, this was the first place I found that I didn't have to worry about finding chicken broth hidden in my marinara sauce (AHEM Cheesecake Factory, ya liars). The first time I ate here I had vegan pizza. I was a little skeptical about ordering this because the only time I had ever encountered vegan cheese before this tasted like someone had sprayed the remaining aerosol from a cheez-whiz can onto a thinly sliced piece of tofu. Man, this was SO not that cheese. The Red Velvet vegan pizza is soy (badumshh) delicious, I just wanted to eat the topping off of it because it was so melty and perfect. I've only been here about 5 times total because it is a little pricey, but every food experience here has been a great one.

The vegan taco salad is excellent and highly recommended, although the faux-beef seems to be a tad greasy. The red velvet cake is freaking unbelievable, and it ought to be since it's in their name. You won't regret ordering this cake, especially because it's not as calorie heavy as you might think with all that delicious frosting.

The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the seating. Even though I've been here at least 5 times, I'm always a little confused about whether or not I'm supposed to just seat myself, or wait near the door for someone to put us somewhere. The seating in the main area is incredibly uncomfortable to sit at for an entire meal. The chairs are very high and since I'm only 5'3" it just  feels like I'm sitting in a high chair. Despite that, the staff here is very friendly and attentive. It's a great place to be if you're looking for a trustworthy vegan restaurant!
Not my favorite vegan restaurant for food.  Their desserts are fantastic but the rest of their vegan food is pretty bland and consists of  way too much fake meat and fake cheese and a little shredded lettuce.  I do like their chopped salad, however I don't know what the other reviewers were thinking raving about how great the taco salad and the buffalo chicken wrap are- they're yuck.  Also I was super, SUPER disappointed that I spent $5.50 on a "mojito tea" that they use dried mint flakes in instead of fresh mint.  Who does that?  Gross.
Not worth the trip from Henderson.

I ordered all Vegan:
Buffalo Chicken Wrap: 3 /5 ( pissed they charged $1 more for soy cheese)
Chocolate Chip Cookies: 2/5 tasted undercooked
Red Velvet Cake 4.5 /5  pretty damn good

I did not like that we were the only group (3) besides another couple and it took over 30 minutes to bring out our sandwiches. Also, the chips we got for sides were just baked lays.  Really, come on Baked Lays.  I asked the waiter if they used "Gardein" which has become my favorite fake meat substitute; which he replied with an elitist attitude, "No, we only use restaurant quality food." (Funny because the Wynn casino right down the street uses plenty of Gardein.)  None of the sandwiches I thought were something I couldn't make myself.
I had a wonderful dining experience here last evening. Staff is really friendly and helpful. They have a lot of vegetarian options, and most everything else on the menu can be converted to a vegan or vegetarian dish. Food is pretty good.
Today was my first time.
I loved it.
Had the Egg plant/Soy satay (no chicken). It was delicious and of course salubrious. The waiter said that with the soy the meal was equivalent to ~4 oz chicken.
The place is popular and appealing. Very open atmosphere. The staff is friendly. Nice decor. TV's too--news and ESPN.
I firmly believe that plant based diets prevent atherosclerosis--strokes & heart attacks.
I will go back.
After lunch there today, I can write a solid review of this establishment after about 4 or 5 visits.

I have to start by saying that the salads here are always awesome!  Today's lunch portion of Bacon, Avocado, and Shrimp salad was plenty to satisfy me, and I'm a fan of hearty lunch portions.  The shrimp was so fresh, firm, and tasty.  I hate getting rubbery pre-cooked shrimp on my salads.

To be fair, my previous visit was less than inspiring, as my turkey sandwich was on 2 slices of bread from the bag with circular slices of deli meat like you get in the lunchmeat section of Von's.  I was not happy about the $9 price for what I could have made for $0.39.

My overall experience with this location definitely merits the 4 stars though.  And although I'm not a dessert person, my friends always leave with a little bag of goodies and rave over the sweet treats they make.

I'll return here many times.
We ate at Red Velvet Cafe after a long afternoon of swimming and roasting in the hot late-summer Vegas sun. We ordered quite the variety for three adults and two kids and we all enjoyed our food very much!

We ordered take-out so I cannot comment on service other than to say that my husband went in to pick up our order and the store employee said "I should recognize you by now!" and we had to laugh because we've never been there before. Heh. She must have thought he was someone else.

+ Let us discuss dessert first! 160 calories for SIX (yes, SIX!) amazing, delicious, SOFT, chocolate chip cookies? Yes, please!

- The Red Velvet cake itself tastes like play doh. The frosting is delicious, though, and mixed together they are yummy enough. I wouldn't order the cake again. (PS - Don't name your restaurant after your least yummy menu item! Free advice!)

+/- We shared an order of the cheddar bacon fries. They were ok. Sometimes when I am desperately craving fries and I don't want to go out, I make fries out of fresh potato at home. These tasted a lot like what I, the uneducated only moderately good cook, can cook without any thought. They were tasty and they were covered in cheese and turkey bacon, so I'm not complaining. But baked fries are generally rubbery and kinda blah-ish. Don't expect the texture of fried fries.
The fries were quite uneven in the way that they were cut, so some of them were overcooked, others were undercooked. This is easily remedied when the fries are cut evenly.

+ The taco salad was very good. Very big and very filling. My husband ate half-ish of it at lunch and my son finished it for an after-pool snack. Everyone liked it a lot.

+ The portion of guacamole is enormous and the guacamole is quite good. They don't give you enough chips, though.

+ I had a chicken, spinach, mushroom paninni, which was very very very good. Even as take-out it was warm and melty and yummy. The sandwiches come with baked lays. I would have preferred salad or something, I think. Processed chips aren't my idea of a yummy side to accompany a delicious sandwich.

+/- We ordered a Mac and Cheese so everyone could try it. It wasn't the greatest, but if we're talking about healthy food, it is good. And it will satisfy your Mac and Cheese craving without forcing you to eat straight Velveeta melted on noodles. :)

+ The tuna melt was good, but pretty standard among tuna melts.

+/- The veggie grill was good, but my daughter thought it was "too sweet" I don't know what on it was sweet, but that's what she said.

In closing, I will say that I'll definitely go back. The food was great and just the cookies alone are reason enough to go in.

Yum!
The service is a little slow, and a little inattentive (I asked for salad, was given chips), but the food is decently yummy, enough to warrant return visits. Where Red Velvet Cafe really shines, however, is their desserts, just as the name implies. So amazing. In any case, it's nice to have a fairly healthy place on the regular roster of places to eat.
Just reviewing the cakes and cookies and they were delicious, moist, and very flavorful!
I love you!!!! My favorite vegan restaurant, great food, and amazing staff. Thank you =D
I love love love Red Velvet Cafe! I almost didn't want to write this review in fear of it becoming overly popular and having to wait haha.  My bf and I come almost once a week to get our fix. I'm always torn between the taco salad and one of their chicken paninis. I'm not a vegan so I get regular chicken but they are able to make it vegan if you are. The food is very consistent and comes out every time hot and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly and the owner is always there checking on the customers. Make sure you save room for dessert because it can't be beat. Everything I've tried has been great but I always find myself picking the peanut butter brownie. Mmmm!
One of our favorite spots in town for a weekly meal.  We come here at least once a week.  Healthy, clean, and tasty meals.  There are also vegetarian and vegan options for everything on the menu.  

My favorites are the taco salad, spicy peanut chicken and the vegan choc chip cookies!

You can only go there when you have time.  They are not fast and would be a turn off to many people in our hectic society.  Relax and take your time.
Pretty darn good- it was crazy busy when we went so it took a little while to get our food.  It was kind of confusing when you walk in because you don't know whether to sit down or wait to be seated or what- it seemed like the waiters/waitresses were just as confused as we were about this, haha.  

The food was pretty good.  It seemed like the cheese was Daiya, which is a cassava root cheese.  They boast soy cheese on the menu.  I guess I have kind of a problem with this because it is potentially mislabeled.  It is more for my husband's sake- he hates melted daiya and it was pretty much all over his food and he was expecting maybe teese or follow your heart cheeses.

I had the chicken avocado panini and the taco salad (went halfsies with hubby) and they were both pretty good.  I am a little bummed the chips were chemically baked lays, not exactly what I would call "healthy" but low cal nonetheless.  The taco salad was pretty good, the shell was what I thought made it special- otherwise I could have made that at my house.  The sandwich was super delicious.  My mother-in-law got a vegan buffalo chicken wrap, which tasted a lot like Franks hot sauce, which if they used the Franks buffalo sauce, then the wrap is not vegan because that sauce has milk products in it.  It was still really yummy and spicy though.  

I will definitely return here to try some of their other dishes next time I am in town.  I am stoked that a vegan friendly restaurant exists in a town where most people look at me like I am crazy for being a vegan.
Hey LV yelpers!

I've been a BIG fan of RVC over the past months and came here multiple times with different gfs. 
I would drive out of my way just to have lunch here. 19 miles is a long drive.

I'm a fan of their chips & guacamole, taco salad, paninis, wraps, pizzas, sauteed chicken/veggie bowls, and their vegan cookies and cakes.

I recently came here with one of my gfs for lunch and we were upset with the service we received. I raved to her about how much I loved RVC and it was her first time eating here.

Our waiter (male) gave us our menus and forgot about us, so we eventually asked another waiter (male) to take out order... then after our food came out, he never came to check on us. All of the employees were behind the counter talking to each other and forgot about us. We had to ask the janitor/cleaning guy to tell our waiter we wanted dessert... we ended up having a 2 hour lunch because we waited so long throughout our lunch.

After such bad customer service, I'm not coming back anymore!

What a bummer! This place went downhill. Not worth the drive for me anymore.

-NEXT.
Can't remember the last time I was here, but if you like vegan food, this place is pretty good!

I tried this place a few years ago, prior to their expansion, and I remember it being a pretty good place.  The only reason why I haven't gone back is because its a good 25-30 minute drive from my house.  It's located on the corner of Sahara and Buffalo.  This little trendy lookin' place is good for lunch or dinner, or maybe just some desert or a coffee.  They serve sandwiches, paninis, wraps, pizzas, salads, pasta, and rice plates all of which can be served up vegan.  They have specials for November, but I ended up ordering the Chicken Provolone, which had chicken, spinach, roasted tomato, basil, provolone and pesto dressing grilled between two slices of whole wheat bread.  It came with a choice of chips or salad all for about $8; pretty cheap, considering the size of the plate and the freshness of the veggies.  To me, it tasted slightly bland, but not enough for me to complain.  I heard from another patron, that the specials were pretty good, so I'll probably give that a whirl next time around.

The service was so-so.  Granted, it was really busy--peak lunch hours (1:00pm).  My server tried to be attentive, but with the influx of customers that trolled in, I felt like she was flustered.  I was surprised I found a table.  If you're coming in here around this time, get here early and just anticipate to wait a little just so you can forewarn your belly.

So... the main thing that brought me to give this place 4 stars (and almost pushed me to 5... almost) were their vegan desserts.  OMG, their vegan desserts.  It's like heaven in your mouth.  Their dessert case displayed a wide variety of cakes; each one, based on what the lady behind the counter had told me, were under 200 calories (say what?! lol). I asked her a little bit about her preference and what was popular, etc, etc, to try to narrow down my options (seriously, there's so many cakes I had no idea which to choose from).  Apparently, the vanilla chocolate chip cake and red velvet are among the popular ones.  I ended up choosing the lemon cake along side my espresso.  It was delicious; moist and dense, with a light and sweet topping that had lemon rind bits mixed into it.  I also brought home their vegan chocolate chip cookies: tasty, not sweet, soft, chewy, slightly crisp around the edges, not too many chocolate chips---perfect.

Definitely would go here again.  Wish it weren't too far.  Wish it weren't too crowded.  I wanna try their breakfast for sure!
It pains me to write this because Red Velvet Cafe has such amazing food, but the poor experiences makes this not worth going to anymore.  The problem is the owner is an amazing cook, but from a business stand point, it is ran very inefficiently.  This restaurant is ran SO poorly, it is impossible to get any attention even when they are not busy.  The only solution is to take out food, but now they don't even answer their phone anymore!!!   What a shame.  Please, Red Velvet Cafe, work on running your business better so we can all enjoy your food again!!
Best vegan, vegetarian and non-vegetarian cafe in Las Vegas period!!
I have been here twice. The first time I ordered the spicy chicken wrap. It was not good (bland, sloppy and could not tell if it was suppose to be a cold or warm wrap-yes, that is how confusing the item was) but, I recently became a vegetarian so, I decided to try it again because this is what they are known for. I ordered the vegan chicken sandwich which included avocado, which I love. I told my waitress to hold the tomato. The sandwich came, and of course, it had the tomato on there (and as a side note came with only a couple slivers of avocado). But, that is not a big deal, the deal is, I don't think the food is good and it is weird to me that most yelpers that review this place say the food is so good. I agree with a recent reviewer, I would, hands down, choose to go to Baguette Cafe over this place. All of their sandwiches can be made vegetarian and yum! So much better than RVC.
One of my favorite restaurants of ALL TIME.
This restaurants offers meals in regular format or in Vegan format. This is amazing! To have a vegan wrap with a side of bacon makes a meal SO much better!
The chocolate chip cookies are beyond amazing!
If you haven't been, this is a MUST do!
OK this is a tough one as I have only eaten here the one time this past weekend. However I have no option but to give the 1 star rating as I was compelled to immediately post a quick review on Facebook due to the total lack everything that I expected when I arrived...here goes!

The smell - Enchanting
The Decor - Upbeat, clean lines and overall makes you smile
Ambiance - Good modern music, plenty of flat screens.

The Food - The blandest chicken pesto Panini EVER...Their pesto sauce is pesto mayo...how do you take one of the tastiest, healthiest and easiest sauces to prepare and do that to it...YUCK YUCK YUCK. Plus, they maybe had it on the grill for 2 minutes as it was lukewarm and the bread was soaked in that mayo...Salad dressing way to strong as well for a balsamic vinaigrette. The saute shrimp special was enjoyed by my fiance so well done there.

The Service - Loved the hi's and hello's when we first came in but from there on it went downhill. There seems to be 25 people working here but most of them seem to be doing absolutely nothing...well they did seem to be efficient "texters" so give them their due. After finally getting our food and being generally ignored I went up to pay, when asked if everything was good for lunch I replied that the Panini fell very short and it was not good, his response was not what was wrong, but a very abrupt sorry and here's your check!!! Do you not want to know what is wrong with your food...come on get serious when you are in the food business!

The Red Velvet Cake - Don't even bother, tasteless and dry with no flavor at all. Go to Nothing Bundt Cakes on West Sahara, don't come here!!!

Dear Red Velvet Cafe,

I would say you are on a very slippery slope and i think my views are supported by some recent posts. Be very careful because when you slip to much, there is nothing to grab a hold of and you will be flat on your ass. I'm sorry, but while I normally give second chances, your manager/server and cake are going to keep me away for a very long time.

Regards

Lost customer, actually I guess I never was one!
So my cousin and I stumbled upon this place when we were about to dine at the shabu shabu place next door. I'd heard about their vegan options, so we decided to check it out.

Their kitchen was closed, but they pointed us to their desserts case, and we found ourselves debating over what flavor of cake to go with. We asked the opinion of the adorable man at the register, and he was nice enough to oblige. We didn't go with either of his suggestions, but he understood. Altogether, it was a nice experience. We got to try the menu at their other location in the mall the next day. Not sure how the two locations compare, but it was pretty good, so I'd go back there when I'm back in Vegas.
Just had lunch here for the first time a few days ago. It will definitely not be my last visit! 

I ordered the California Panini with salad. FANTASTIC! There were so many things on the menu for both vegetarian and vegan lifestyles as well. I am a t-rex, so it was all good for me! 

We sat by the dessert case and the red velvet cupcake stared at us while we dined. We had it for our lunch dessert. It came out nice and warm! It was perfection! Thank goodness we had just come for lunch after hanging out on the track earlier so I didn't feel as guilty.
We went here on a Friday night and it was packed!  You might even want to order your desserts ahead of time because it was slim pickings by the time we finished dinner at 7:30pm.  

I got a panini with vegetarian turkey, chicken, onion, chipotle sauce and cheese on nine grain bread which was a special for January and it was tremendous.  I'll probably be back before the month is out just to have it again!  The vegetarian taco salad was incredible as well and would make a monstrous yet healthy entree.  I liked how the taco shell wasn't a deep fried tortilla but a baked kinda pita style bowl.  So much awesomeness.  I'm so ready to go back just thinking about it now.  

The service was attentive and friendly.  They accidentally switched our sandwich orders and sides but made it right and gave us one free dessert to make up for the mistake.  It wasn't even a big deal.  Talk about above and beyond!  Wow!
As a Portlandian, I'm spoiled as hell when it comes to delicious vegan treateries, so I'm pretty pleased to have Red Velvet around during my Vegas vacations for all of my gluttonous, diabetes-inducing needs.

We didn't get a full meal here this time around, but I do recall using a few moans and suggestive metaphors to describe the taco salad I ordered on a previous visit. After a very pleasant exchange with a very pleasant employee (Alex?) with unending patience for our indecisiveness at the dessert display (tiramisu, chocolate peanut butter cake, banana split cake... it's seriously hard to not buy everything in the case), we wound up with a maple cake and half a dozen chocolate chip cookies.

The maple in the maple cake was delicate and understated, and I suspect illicit substances in the icing because it was just plain addictive. The cake itself was spongy and moist and full of flavor, as cake should be. More, please.

The cookies were nice and soft, and the chocolate chips they used were mighty fine. There was a little bit of a health food taste to them, but in the best possible way. Not my all time favorite cookies, but I certainly wouldn't turn them down.

So go to Red Velvet. Eat yourself into diabetic shock. Give Alex all of your tip dollars. You won't regret it.
Okay i'm not a health nut as I usually love to indulge in life's greatest sins: Steak, cheeseburgers, pizza, chocolate...but this "healthy" place is amazing!

I have been going here for lunch lately as I am trying to cut down on my sinful eating, and have not been disappointed by this "healthy" food.
Everything has a vegan option for those that want, but i ordered the Grilled Chicken burger with Baked Fries.  What a great and healthy alternative to fast-food!  The service is fast and SUPER friendly.  I think i get a friendly "high" after visiting this place as I become the nicest guy you meet when I leave.

The baked fries are a great alternative to their deep fried cousins. Though not as crispy they still have great flavor.  
The chicken was moist and not dry at all and loaded with fresh lettuce, tomato, and I had them add fresh avocado for a dollar more (great alternative to mayo for you health conscious folks).  

On another visit i tried the Chicken, Mozzarella, Tomato Panini which was just OK.  It came with a bag of baked chips.  The Panini was what was expected but was not knock me out of my seat delicious.  I preferred the chicken burger as it came with baked fries!

SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT.....is phrase you all to often hear when the server wants to milk you for a higher bill thus higher tips..BUT this place, dessert MUST be had.  The red velvet is divinity on a plate.  The whole wheat cinnamon roles are also a perfect end of meal topper.  
Don't leave without picking SOMETHING/ANYTHING out from the dessert display case!

Red velvet Cafe, even with your healthy goodness, you won this corpulent man's heart.
I absolutely love this place.  The food is amazing and best yet it's organic and they cater to vegans too!
I ordered my takeout at 530. I was told 20 min. I got there at 545 and waited and waited. At 555 I got up and asked for some water. At 605 I was told there was 2 orders in front of me. At 615 my order was finally ready. When I tried to voice my frustration, the girl ringing me up made excuses, the mngr didn't listen and literally laughed and waved to me goodbye as I was exiting the business. 

I used to support this place when they had little to no customers when they were first starting out. I was outraged at their handling of this. I will never return. And your food is decent but definitely over priced.  Customer service is NON EXISTENT as I've heard many others saying as well.
COOKIES!

Not a fan of sweets, but why is it everytime you watch what you eat, you crave sugar!

Found the solution, RVC vegan cookies. Today I bought 3 boxes. 2 chocolate chip and 1 oatmeal. Even though I was standing at the counter for a minute before being acknowledge by any of the half dozen workers, after I was, service got friendlier. 
The cookies are incredible. Soft, sweet and full of chocolate chips, and I am told they are only 27 calories. I truly hope that is the case because I ate 4 today. A little more than 100 calories for a dessert is pretty good. 

I've had lunch here before and no complaints, meanwhile I will most likely come here or to the Fashion Show location to stock up on more cookies. 
Try them, you won't be disappointed!
I've been a big fan of this place for years, but after yesterday, I may need to reconsider. My boyfriend called in our order at 4:48p. They told him it would be 20 minutes which was fine by us because I didn't get off of work until 5 anyway. So, we make it there at a little before 5:17. My boyfriend, Ben went in to pick up our food. From what I could see, the place wasn't full at all. It had maybe 2-3 couples in the dining area. The staff told Ben that our order was not prepared yet which was no big deal. He paid not too long after that and we took our food home. What we discovered was very disappointing. Our vegan tuna melt was not a melt at all. It was very crumbly, the bread was not toasted and was overall soggy. The same goes for our vegan ham and cheese sandwich. We also ordered a vegan spinach and chicken quesadilla which was slimy and barely had any cheese in it. I am really hoping that this was an off day for Red Velvet. ):
I had heard about the legendary vegan cookies at the Red Velvet Cafe and decided to pick up a dozen for an art opening I was having at my gallery in downtown.  I placed the order the day before and the staff had them ready and waiting for me when I picked them up after work.

Lemme tell ya - the Red Velvet Cafe doesn't take their cookie makin' lightly. So flavorful, rich - and YES! - even buttery tasting.  We won over a TON of folks who couldn't believe the cookies were vegan that night! Definitely coming back to keep spreading the vegan word.
I ate at Red Velvet Cafe for the first time recently. I'm in between giving it 3 or 4 stars but I guess 4 works because of how great the red velvet cake was. The service was ok, the food.. Not so much. We got the baked Mac n cheese (he didn't like it) and caprese panini. The "salad" it comes with is very bland & gross. I should have picked the chips. The sandwich had too much mozzarella on it, the tomato made it soggy by the time I got it and it just wasn't very tasty all around. The fruit blender I got was awesome and the red velvet cake was amazing but other than that, not very impressed. I'm hoping it was an off day for them or we just ordered the wrong things, because I do want to try it again.
Weighing out service, atmosphere and food altogether, I'd think it sums up a good 4 stars. Let's start with the good news and work our way down to bad:

FOOD: Honestly, the food was fantastic. My galpal and I ordered chicken provolone panini which came with a side of either salad or chips. We sticked with the greens. In a while, our dishes came in a big serving plate and mind you, the salad sauce was really good - balsamic vinegar and olive oil (at least that's what my friend said it was) $7.95 for an order that big is verrrry reasonable. 

ATMOSPHERE: The atmosphere was contemporary and club music was playing in the pipe-ins. We were expecting a more ambient vibe. RVC felt more like a restaurant than a cafe seeing as we actually had waiters - It should practically be called Red Velvet restaurant. 

SERVICE: It could really do with more impovement on this part. When we got in, we sat down on some tables like we'd always do at a cafe. There were no barristas, some of the customers seemed to have a menu but we weren't given one so I went up to the food counter and asked for a menu. Our waiter seemed a bit hesitant, we'd think he's new but as far as recommending food selections or anything, we didn't get any. 

In the end, go there for the food. Don't expect to be able to read a book, bring in a laptop or do your homework at RVC's settings which encourages a more social atmosphere. Nonetheless, it's a place worth visiting and although we have yet to try their cookies, the chicken provolone paninis were enough to let us come back.
I've been hearing a lot of talk about the Red Velvet Cafe so my husband and I finally checked it out for ourselves two weeks ago.  I'm not a vegan but I do typically eat healthy.  Oh my gosh, the food was delicious!!  I had chicken and baked fries.  Sadly, I did not have any of the dessert but because I liked it so much, one of my friends bought me a gift certificate last week.  :-)  I will be back and I AM trying that red velvet cake next time!!  Reasonably priced.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and the service was timely.
Went here for the Red Velvet cake.  Overrall, service was wonderful (let me know how long it would take for them to get it packed for to-go and cashier was very courteous.  Seating is wide and place is overall clean.  Pretty pricey for a one cake, would be enough to share.  Very moist and the cream wasn't over bearing.  Will have to stop by again to try out the dishes they have to offer.  Smelled nice when I was waiting by the kitchen area. 

Parking is easy, lot is decent sized.
They didn't fill my water after he asked if I wanted more water and said yes. Big mistake
Having been a vegetarian in the past, I always appreciate a place that caters to those who follow a vegan or vegetarian diet. Plus, who can resist the cakes and cookies they make which are vegan, no less? 

I ordered a chicken, spinach, and mushroom panini with pesto sauce to go. As I waited, I checked out their bakery display. The employees recommended the chocolate chip cookies. But for some reason, the cakes were calling out to me, so I chose the Vanilla Chocolate Chip Cake. Cookies next time :)

The employees were very nice and friendly, very helpful with the menu. Any items that contains meat, you can substitute a meatless version of it. They encourage you to inform them of any allergies you may have, and of course, if you're vegan OR vegetarian before you select what to eat. 

The decor is very modern and chic, with couple of TV's to watch. Very cute place to have a quick lunch, but quality food. It's not fast food, I definitely had to wait a few minutes to get my order. I took my food home, both the panini and cake were awesome. 

Definitely going back :)
My first review!   (please, take a seat)

Let me start off with the obligatory "I'm not a vegetarian/vegan" statement that I think should accompany reviews of places that cater to these unfortunate souls (kidding!)

Been here thrice.  First time was a year and a half ago or so, and I tried the Chicken, Artichoke and Spinach Panini with Vegan cheese (I'm lactose intolerant :( ).   This was my first time trying Vegan cheese.    What do they say about the first time?  Awkward?  Painful?  "They" were right.   I have successfully avoided vegan cheese since, and though the rest of the ingredients were fine, I avoided RVC in a "guilt by association" sort of reasoning.

Finally getting the courage to go back, I tried their Taco Salad last week based on all the positive Yelp reviews it seems to garner.   Well I'm happy to say they are much deserved.  First, it's HUGE.  I only ate half and am convinced it could successfully feed a family of vegans for a week.   The baked(?) taco shell was the highlight, and within it contained a ton of rice, lettuce, chunks of chicken (vegans can substitute for a lot of of non-meat meats), and salsa (no cheese for me, vegan or otherwise).  I thought the taste of all the ingredients was spot on and I definitely didn't walk away hungry.  

Went there again for lunch today and went with the Chicken Burger (hold the cheese) with Baked Fries.    I'm officially in love with this place (statute of limitations on Vegan Cheese infractions has run out).   The Chicken Burger was almost exactly like the Chicken Sandwiches you can get at Wendys, McDonalds, etc except that it actually had flavor and was made with fresh ingredients.   The Baked Fries still had the same great taste of fried french fries and to me the texture wasn't off-putting in the least.   For $7.95 I thought the meal was a steal.

All three of these experiences were getting take-out for lunch, and the service was friendly enough and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes before my food was ready (they usually say 20 minutes when I call it in and I do as I'm told).  

I was close to giving this place 5 stars based on the last two experiences, but I think I just spontaneously decided to reserve 5 star reviews for places that provide me with a life altering experience (and places that have never served me Vegan Cheese)
I was really looking forward to eat at this place, I order tuna wrap to go. That came with a mix green salad on the side. My hubby order the famous red velvet cupcake and strawberry and banana smoothie. When it was the time finally to eat. Not only I was so disappointed on the taste of the tuna wrap it didn't have no flavor it was run down tuna with not even salt in it completely nasty a five year old can make better tuna wrap.on top of that I chewed on a piece of sharp plastic material like fiber glass the almost cut my mouth, the salad was a joke it was wrap on foil paper, a green salad for the love of God how can it be presented like that. The velvet cake was super sweet tons of sugar that make you gag because of the overpowering sugar. Conclusion terrible presentation. Horrible taste plain and simple no love in to the making of the meal this was my first and last time here.
The service was good but I can't say the same about the food.  My food was super greasy and it just did not taste good.  The prices are kind of high too.
I came here with my family for dinner.  We were looking for good vegan options.  My husband ordered the taco salad, my son ordered the avocado spinach pasta, and I ordered the curried vegetables.  My husband and I ordered iced tea, and my son ordered a chocolate banana and peanut butter smoothie.

All of the dishes were delicious and very filling.  I tasted from each plate.  The curried vegetables were so good that it was hard to stop eating it, even though I was starting to feel full.  It came with a huge portion of rice and a salad of greens dressed with a vinaigrette on the side.  The vegan taco salad was to die for!  A light crispy shell that didn't seem heavy or greasy at all, loads of vegan cheese that tasted like real cheese, tons of beans, salad greens and avocado.  The pasta was very good - the vegan "meat" was very nice.

We were too full for dessert so we didn't get to try what the restaurant is most famous for.  Next time we'll get dessert and take it to go!
I was craving cake. MAN, was I craving cake, but this Insanity diet only allows me to consume around 300 calories at a time. So naturally, I dragged my sister and ventured to Red Velvet Cafe. 

OH MAN DID IT HIT THE SPOT. It was good, more than good, beyond satisfying. As a non-vegetarian that still loves vegan food, I loved this place. The food reminded me of Urth back in LA! With a slight change in decoration and ambience, Red Velvet would be perfect! My sister ordered one of their paninis and the food was fresh and delish! The one downer was their service. It took a while to order.
A friend and I went and had lunch here as she would not stop talking about the place. I now know why. The food is great, staff are friendly and the cakes are just mouth watering. Everything I ate was beyond tasty and the service I experienced couldnt get better!
Love this place!  You don't have to be a vegan to enjoy it... they have meat!  The Spicy Peanut chicken is really good over rice, but my all time favorite is the Chicken Tacos.  They are huge portions and I always have 1 taco left over for lunch the next day.

You have to get dessert, and it doesn't matter what you get because they are all delicious!!!  The calorie count is low and the taste is off the charts!
Generous portions of vegetable-rich simple food. The first time I ate here I ordered some avocado dip and chips along with my veggie stir fry, and there was far too much food. Second time I stuck with the veggies and brown rice--perfectly satisfying with crisp, tasty veg, lightly spiced. Servers are friendly and helpful. And they'll do any of their dishes with vegan meat.
For a first time experience at Red Velvet Cafe it was awful. Service was terrible and it took over an hour for us to get our food. Oh, and did I mention that there were only 2 of us! This place is rather small, so we thought it would be a quick in and out. Nope, nothing went right. After the long wait, we thought our food would at least taste decent. Wrong again. The buffalo chicken wrap I ordered was drenched in so much buffalo sauce it was impossible to eat with my hands. It felt like I just got done eating a rack of ribs with the mess upon me. Luckily the waiter gave us free cookies at the end for our long wait or else I would of left no tip. Cookies were amazing. However, there are a ton of bakeries out there that you can go to with much better service. Avoid this place if you can, that's unless you want the worst service and half-assed made food.
I loved this place so much. I wish I could have afforded to eat here daily, but I did go here twice. My friends and my boyfriend were equally impressed. My boyfriend and I are VEGAN and were totally stoked that everything on the menu could be made vegan. I can't tell you how nice it is to go into a restaurant and be able to get ANYTHING you want on the menu. Really. It's unbelievable. 

Our waiter was super nice and accommodating both times. In fact, we saw the same guys each time we visited. They even recognized us! 

First Visit: 

I got the buffalo chicken wrappini, veganized. My boyfriend got a vegan taco salad. My friend got a vegetarian taco salad. Her boyfriend got vegetarian chicken tacos. The tacos were actually a dinner menu item, but our waiter asked the chef to make it special during lunch. We were totally impressed. We were also impressed with how CHEAP it is. Compared to vegan food on the Strip, this place is bargain basement prices. For dessert we were stoked that they had vegan red velvet cake. VEGAN RED VELVET CAKE. OMGAWD. Amazing. I was squealing the whole time. Everything was just so good, and service was top notch.

Second Visit: 

Our waiter seemed really busy this time around, and he kept getting confused, was slow to the table, etc. But he was still really nice. I ordered the mac & cheese veganized. My boyfriend got the taco salad again. My friend got a pasta but it was strong on the lemon flavor. I can't remember what her boyfriend got the second time. I was too busy paying attention to my delicious mac & cheese. This time we were all greedy pigs and got our own pieces of cake. I got tiramisu, my boyfriend got coconut orange cake, my friend ordered the banana peanut butter-something cake, and her boyfriend a tiramisu. Freaking incredible. 

I can't rave enough about this place. If I lived in Vegas, I would be broke regularly. It's really good food. It's not overly greasy, it's well made and it's a really friendly place!
One of my very favorite restaurants!  The food is always amazing, and a red velvt cake for under 150 calories???  Yummmmmm!
This place is pretty good! I love that anything on the menu can be made vegan.
Pros: Tons of vegan options and baked-goods that are yummy.

Cons: SUPER SLOW SERVICE, 2/3 people complain of a stomach ache after eating here.

Today when my BF and I dined at RVC we waited about twenty minutes for an order of fire-fries and a panini with fries. I saw the kitchen staff didn't fire my panini until the fires were finished and waiting on our plates to be served, getting cold. When the food did arrive my panini was barley grilled and cheese not melted entirely or throughly, and the panini didn't have all the fixings described on the menu.

This is third time in a row I've dined at RVC and received super slow service, making today's experience not a fluke. 

Additionally, my tummy starts hurting immediately after I finish my meal. I am a vegan who eats very clean, mainly plant based foods and whole grains. Possibly my tummy hurts because I'm not use to eating products like vegan meats and cheeses? But my BFF also complains of upset stomach after a RVC experience and will not go back. 

My boyfriend who is not vegan will not return to the restaurant unless it's my last resort as he thinks as a non-vegan the food is nothing to write home about and the service is frustrating.
Red Velvet Cafe is GREAT! This establishment makes it easy to eat 'clean' while going out. The Chicken and Sauteed Vegetables with brown rice accomodates a training diet perfectly without modification. (just watch out for the carrots). Additionally, the wide selection of tea allows for a tasty treat with no calories added.
Been wanting to try this place for a while, but between the reviews for high prices and my husband's limited palate, I just hadn't had the opportunity.  Well, today was a great opportunity!  My  very close friend is breastfeeding and her son is very sensitive to dairy so I suggested this place.

I looked at the menu and thought the prices looked fine.  She got a chicken burger for $7.95 and I got the Taco Salad for $11.95.  She really enjoyed the chicken.  The Taco salad?  Freaking awesome!  And HUGE!!  Talk about bang for your buck!  Now I am not a small female-I am 5'10 and muscular.  So when I tell you I only ate 1/3 of it you know that its huge!!  LOL!  So, for $12 I am going to get three meals-that's a steal in my book!  The leftovers are even good.  I didn't think it could get any tastier, but I took a cold bite and bam!  Yum agian!!    Next time I am going to put the shell in a different box to keep it from getting too soggy.

We are both dessert freaks so couldn't resist the Vegan Pumpkin Cake.  It was very good, not to heavy either.  The frosting was so yummy and light!  I was afraid that since it was vegan it would be greasy-no sir it was not!

Great lunch, we will definitely be back soon.  Maybe every other week so we don't pack on pounds from the desserts :)
I've heard so many good things about this place but unfortunately I didn't have that experience for myself. 
Being vegan, it's so awesome when you find a vegan friendly restaurant... (but not this one.. sadly)

I ordered the special crispy vegan chicken sandwich. When it arrived, it literally fell apart. The lettuce wasn't very fresh, it almost tasted dirty. The "chicken" was dry. And when i asked the waitress what it was made of, she didn't know. When i asked about the ingredients in the mayo... she didn't know.. I like to know what's in my food and what vegan products they're using because sometimes things can be missed.  Overall, the sandwich was so-so. (definitely not worth 10.95) 

And although our waitress was kind, our service was ridiculously slow.

It's a shame there aren't more vegan places around that actually have fresh food!

Sorry Red Velvet, I probably won't be visiting again!
I'm not a sweet tooth, but the gang wanted some dessert and coffee after din din... why not at a "healthier" Vegan joint.  I had Mexicano coffee (Americano with Mexican spiced cocoa), the others had the Cloud Nine (Rich organic Caribbean cocoa) & the
Mexican Cocoa (Cinnamon spiced cocoa with vanilla and almond).   We shared a tiramisu, banana cream and red velvet dessert ... It was a lot! haah The frostings were too sweet for me, but the cakes were pretty decadent & moist for vegan desserts.  Minus the winking waiter (LOL what a flirt!) who took a while to get our table ready and desserts served before another waiter took over, atmosphere is pretty laid back and clean.   Next time, I'd request that the Mexicano and cocoas be made extra hot. They weren't hot enough when they were served.
Well - since this seems to be one of the only places in Vegas catering to vegetarians and vegans, I've been anxious to check it out. 

That being said, I was somewhat disappointed. Yes, you can get all of the menu items vegan or vegetarian, which is nice. However, it seemed that most of the food was super processed and contained a lot of "faux meat", which I feel isn't really in the vegan spirit. 

That being said, I got the spicy crispy chicken sandwich, which was only okay. It was a little too spicy for my taste and the crispy "chicken" was really soggy.

The vegan chocolate chip cookies, however, were delicious.
You have to try the vegan red velvet cake...amazing. Service was incredibly pleasant...not fast food, but not to the point where we were ready to call someone over. The grilled veggie panini was excellent, the vegan taco salad share-worthy as it was huge. We went back and had the tuna wrap which was also huge. Our only comments: tastes like they do use some bottled purchased condiments that would be much better fresh such as the salsa and salad dressing. The tortilla on the wrap could have had a quick warming before use as it was a bit doughy but still, good. And I know they're going for light, but baked Lays are too processed for the rest of what they do. Still. Absolutely worth going twice while we had to be in Las Vegas.
Great service. Food was tasty, love you can have whatever vegetarian. Sangria iced tea rocked! The atmosphere is okay, cafe like.
Loving it here... Drove all the way fr Henderson on a mission to check out this lil gem...

Much to our delight... we were pleasantly full & surprised... if anyone has visited 'Bread & Butter' up in Henderson then you might agree with me that it has a kind of similar vibe... wraps with salad... Very green greens are the way to my lil 'ol heart...

Would visit more often if they were closer to my side, however, if I am on the W side... I will stuff my tummy...

Server sold me on the 150 calorie filled Red Velvet Cafe - was happy to share with G & only consume 75! BAzing! =)

Very yummm!

your constant companion,

~deirdra
Ok food really good service. I may go back but nit the kids
I was told "you have to go to Red Velvet Cafe, its so good!"  SOOOO, I convinced my coworkers to go!  OUTSTANDING!  WOW!  SO IMPRESSED!  The food was so good, especially the fake chicken (which has no gluten in it!) and the brown rice vegetable plate.  I was so satisfied, but I couldn't have left without trying the red velvet cake.  Although it has gluten in it, but it is vegan.....hands down the best red velvet cake I have eaten!  Wow!!!!  I also tried the gluten free banana cream pie cake which was so sweet, rich and yummy!!!!!  The service was great!  They took my 8 person order and wrote all the names down on the boxes with no attitude.  
I can't wait to go back and try more!  EVERYTHING on the menu can be modified to be gluten free and vegan!  Can't get any better then that!!!!!!
Vegans must come.

Great thoughtful selections.
Love this place. I have not been disappointed yet. And the Vegan desserts are fabulous! Try the chocolate chip cookies!
@RedVelvetLV  is one of my #FabFav restaurants to eat at in Las Vegas!  Service  is extraordinary and they have delicious foods that can be prepared vegan/vegetarian styled upon request! My favorite is the tuna melt (vegan) yum-yum! #MustTry @LasVegas_Places
Food was simple the service was excellent I may go back.
This place is amazing tho not totally Vegan. They serve meat. Great compromise should not everyone in your party be vegan ? 

Vegan Tacos are great & the soup, ... our kids Love the Vegan Nuggets & Baked Mac n Cheese .. they use Daiya cheese I believe

Their desserts are vegan & oh so amazing - try the Red Velvet cake !!

With Mexican Hot Chocolate .. even better !!
Food was good. Service was very friendly. It seems to me though that this place is a little disorganized. We waited. We didn't know where to order from if we were eating in, the staff didn't really know much about the desserts. While the food was good, and the service was friendly.... It seems like they really need someone to run the front of the house in a more organized manner
Love this place. Very yummy and makes me feel healthier to choose this place when I want to eat out.  The service is outstanding, very family feeling help each other out hugs and love atmosphere.  I always get to go for the most part with the cookies which I'm told are only 20 calories a piece, who knows. :) and the red velvet cake (110 calories). Yum!  
I only don't recommend the mac and cheese, kind of runny.  Otherwise everything else has been outstanding.  Loved the caprese panini.  I even got my kids to eat the cookies and love them as well :)
Luckily it is around the corner from my house.
I've been to Red Velvet Cafe twice now.  After being told by the doc no more gluten or dairy, I was a bit sad at the thought of missing out on some of my favorite desserts and meals.  I must say when I have a craving and I don't have time to cook or bake myself RVC is a life saver.  I love the cakes and cookies!  I had to ask several times, "Are you sure this is gluten and dairy free?"  It is the only time I don't feel cheated.  I have tried a lot of alternative desserts and they all get thrown away.  RVC knows what they are doing and they do it well!  My favorites are the chocolate lava cake and the strawberry cake that tastes like strawberry shortcake. I day dream about the cookies too!  

The staff at RVC is also excellent.  Their commitment to service is obvious from the moment you walk in the door.  You are greeted upon entering.  The food is brought promptly and with a smile.  This is a place where your business is appreciated.  

Thank you to the staff at Red Velvet Cafe for their commitment to excellent service and quality food, keep up the good work!
I love this place! The food is not always consistent but it is very fresh. The desserts are amazing. They also have a good wine selection.
I do wish they had more seating, for this reason I usually get my food to go and drink wine while I wait.
The food is always awesome. The time it takes to come out is a little to long some times. Regardless it's a great place to eat and healthy.

Edit: wow the article about their cookie was interesting. To good to be true. :/
Red Velvet is great healthy alternative 
You have to try the low cal red velvet cake
Another restaurant obsession!!! Ok so did you know their selection of vegan cakes are only at about 250 calories each?! The owner told me this; I was so stoked! I have tried about 5-7 different flavors of their vegan mini cakes and the only one I wasn't a huge fan of was the Churro cake. It was just okay. All the others are killer! :-)

I've tried lot of items on their menu and they have all been delicious, but right now I'm really into the Cuban panini. All of their sandwiches and paninis are about 500 calories. I love that they have a location also inside of the Fashion Show mall. Shopping and Red Velvet...you can't get much better than that.
Pretty standard cafe faire. They do offer gluten free sweets and a few token vegetarian dishes. If you're already in the neighborhood, the food is tastey. But I would not go out of my way to eat there when there are so many great and 4-5 star restaurants in this valley.
Not positive why its classified as a vegan/vegetarian restaurant which is the main reason for my not as high review. Don't get me wrong, the food was great but there was a lot of meat and cheese on the menu. I would return thought it was a good lunch.
Very good food. Had a turkey club and mocha chocolate cake. So delicious. :) loved the bread for the turkey club. Highly recommend. Didn't give 5 stars bc service was bad.
My husband and I have been eating at Red Velvet for almost a year now. Being from California, we miss having healthy and tasty food options and were excited when we found Red Velvet. There are some great dishes that never seem to stay on the menu conistently, but most of the food is mediocre. Still,  the best as far as "healthy" goes in Vegas. I never write reviews but I must say I was appalled when the last time I went in to order my red velvet cupcake, I saw them put the plastic container with the cake into the microwave. Plastic #6, the most toxic and extremely dangerous to heat in the microwave. I am 7 months pregnant. Other than being INCREDIBLY carcinogenic,  this method of heating food is potentially harmful to developing fetuses. I had been going in 3 x's per week for the last month and a half or so, to satisfy my one pregnancy craving: SWEETS.  Also, I had asked prior to make sure they did not heat the cake in plastic and I was told "no". We had also asked the owner what was in the red velvet cake (or at least what was not in the cake), being that certain sweeteners are contraindicated in pregnancy. We were told she could not disclose specific ingredients and the employees told us conflicting things regarding what was not in the cake, so we were already leery. The cake did taste pretty good for being "low calorie" so I am bummed I won't be able to enjoy it anymore. It's a lot of trouble for a cake, yes, but where the problem lies is all of the health claims are obliterated by the toxic and carcinogenic result of microwaving it in dangerous plastic. Also, never returned a smile to good paying customers that frequented her restaurant several times per week. The rest of the staff were always friendly.
Delicious, freshly prepared healthy food. Options for meat eaters, vegetarians and vegans so everyone can find something to eat. Although I am not a big dessert eater, their cupcakes (Red Velvet and Raspberry-Lemon-Coconut cupcakes are AWESOME!.
Vegan, Gluten Free and Organic products? Yes. How can I not love. My favorite thing about this place are the desserts. Yum, melt in your mouth status. I have tried many of them not all and Have yet to be disappointed. My absolute favorite is the double chocolate, OMG you will NOT be disappointed. I wasn't a huge fan of the Gluten Free and Vegan tiramisu, but so far the rest amazing! I love their cookies ( gluten-free and Vegan) and a box of cookies have less than 150 calories. Their cakes are 250 and under. I haven't tried many different dishes but I usually get the spinach artichoke wrap on gluten free pita bread, Delicious. The staff has been very friendly, I actually stopped going to the fashion show Location because of how rude and slow their staff was even after complaining about it. I know they are owned by the same people but my business goes where i feel comfortable and the sahara location has done just that. Love it here.
After a long day on a Saturday I was in the mood for something semi-unhealthy and quickly realized I was in the wrong place! Lol

I ordered the "baked" Mac and Cheese which was served in a bowl with a side salad. At first glance I saw no noodles but what looked like soup like consistency. While it was tasty, it wasn't outstanding and the runny cheese was very hard to eat without strings coming out from my mouth. 

I sampled my dates panini which was very tasty, something I will note for next time!  I got a double chocolate banana cake which was amazing! I keep hearing that their desserts are gluten/sugar free and it is hard to believe!

I'm not going to go out of my way for this place, but if I'm in a healthy mood, ill know where to go.
I'm gluten free and vegan and was hungry. The taco salad done vegan and without taco was really tasty. The tiramisu was a little too dense to consider as tiramisu, but it was tasty.
Finally, REAL food for veggie-sauruses!

Listen, I'm a converted die-hard carnivore, and a dedicated foodie.  I'm a decent sized dude @ 6ft tall, 205lbs., I like FOOD.  I rarely eat out since going vegan due to the utter lack of anything beyond rabbit food as a choice at other restaurants.  I tried the whole "macro-bio-raw-super expensive-sh++ on a plate" thing at the other restaurant up the street.  Thank GOD I stumbled upon RVC!

Everything on their menu can be made vegan.  I had the California Panini.  I was deeply impressed.  It was downright tasty, it was hearty and filling.  (I hope they didn't use real mayo...)  The side salad, although just greens, was fabulous, with a perfect vinagrette (perfect amount too, not drowning the leaves like every other restaurant in the world)  I could actually TASTE that the lettuce was organic.  

I don't know what others on Yelp are complaining about, our service was excellent.  The kid was very attentive, friendly, knowledgable and helpful.

The prices were very reasonable, on par or better with other joints selling non organic, non vegan fare.

I give it only 4 stars because they were playing club music way too loud in the initial room we first walked into.  We went into the other room, where there was no music playing, and sat in the back table and still had trouble carrying on a conversation.  BOOM! CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM, CHICKA-BOOM... @80BPM, During lunch.  Come on, guys...

Other than that.  A fantastic place.  I'll be back, and if that music is still like that, I'll definitely yell at someone about it.  This place is too much of a gem to have the college age kids who work there ruin it with lousy music.
I was excited to check this place off my list after hearing all the good verbal reviews from friends & colleagues. I wanted to treat my broker to lunch and this was a convenient meeting spot close to our office. Very cute modern decor and a very tempting dessert display when you walk in. Regular seating was full so we sat at one of the high tables.
Very extensive menu so will have something for everyone...good when you're not sure how finicky your lunch buddies are. I browsed the menu looking through salads, sandwiches, paninis specials and desserts. I ordered the caprese panini which came on a very hearty 9 grain bread that was satisfying and was served with baked Lays chips (I was also given a salad option)  Basil, tomato & mozzarella nothing special. My broker ordered the avocado & shrimp salad. She said the shrimp was done perfect. 
Overall I thought our food was ok and this review reflects one meal. For a salad and caprese panini with waters, including tip, bill was $31. Not that good a value in my opinion for an "ok" lunch. But we will be back to give other menu items a try and also indulge in one of their desserts next time. I hear the Vegan chocolate chip cookies are amazing.
Last night was my first visit and I can't wait to go back. I love the modern/hip decor. The service was very friendly and helpful. We got there right before Friday night dinner rush. A lot of to go orders were picked up which may be another alternative to dining in. We had panini sandwiches with side salad. We ordered smoothies that were filling and refreshing. Of course we had to order the lovely red velvet cake to go. Our bill plus tip was 40$. I would say that was reasonable because the food was healthy, delicious, and service was great. There are dinner options available after 5:30. I will be back to try some of those.
My friends always try to hype up this place to me, and I'm putting a stop to that now. I finally visited this place yesterday and was sadly disappointed.

Being the hip vegan/vegatarian cafe that it was, it was pricey but the food was mediocre. In fact, it's the same shit you can go a couple blocks over and buy at Whole Foods. 
Me and my friend ordered two different things. She got chicken burger with fries, and I got a panini sandwich witth tomato, we both opted for the vegan options. 
When we got our order, which took forever, we were brought pretty much the exact same thing, except different bread. The cheese was your standard out-of-the-package Daiya vegan cheese. They didn't try to even melt it down and mix it with some sort of flavoring to boost the choices coinciding with the menu. We had the exact same chicken patty. Again, same thing I make my lunches with to take to work.
What's the icing on the cake though, was my friends hamburger bun. It looks like that shit you buy at Wal-Mart, with its yellow poppy seeds and its large cookie cutter shape roundness. It wasn't vegan. I asked the guy at the front what it was and he said it was white-wheat bread, like we were stupid enough to believe that. Because it definitely wasn't.

This place just pretty much does your grocery shopping for you then charges you triple the price. Nothing is organic and truly made for you, it's all frozen shit from the supermarket that they pop in the microwave. 
I wish Vegas would get a REAL vegan/vegetarian cafe, cause this place is pathetic.
This place is seriously rated as a top vegetarian eatery? In that case I could just as easily set a cardboard box up on the strip and hand out microwaved factory made patties on untoasted bread with no condiments and get the same award.
Because that is what you are paying 8$ and up for. Factory. Made. Shit.
Not even seasoned factory patties, oh no. 
For you meat eaters let me break it down for you, factory made vegan/vegetarian patties are the equivalent of the hamburger patties you get at Mickey D's and Burger King. At least there they know it's cheap crap, and you get the price for it. Here, they charge you a ridiculous price for stuff you can go to ANY store now days and buy yourself, make yourself, and it would be better and cheaper for you.
My friend brought me here, bless her soul, because she wanted to try the highly touted veggie food, since she is converting to the green side. 
So here is the meal we got after half an hour of waiting (where mind you others who arrived after us were served waaay before us):
I got the grilled chicken burger, vegan style, which consisted of the vegan patty (a very thin, small patty not big enough for the ENORMOUS bun they throw it on) with mostly iceberg lettuce and one sliver of tomato, plus thawed out Daiya cheese shreds and the most lethargic fries I've ever had. They claimed that the fries were baked, but most of them were cooked just enough to not be raw, but were so soft that it was basically a mound of unmashed potatoes. Oily too.
She got the panini sandwich, which was the same thing, just different bread. And baked chips. LAYS BAKED POTATO CHIPS. WTF!? This place claims it's organic and healthy, but they serve LAYS CHIPS here!? That shit is so processed they legally should not be allowed to put 'potato' on the bag!
The only logical reason for this place to have the reputation it does in the vegan/vegetarian world is because they have no real competition. And the location is in an area where people are too rich and lazy to make their own meals, so they go here and feel better about themselves.
I'm a fan of this place!  Love the especially the Vegan Taco Salad!  The baked fries are pretty awesome also and you feel less guilty about eating them.  Some of the dessert cakes taste the same even though they are different flavors.  But all-in-all I think this place deserves a try if you want a healthy wholesome (and satisfying) meal when eating out.
we have been to red velvet cafe many times...here are the pros and cons:

Pros:  
- Great desserts (mini vegan cakes) at under 250 calories.  
- Great guacamole and outstanding hummus (not on menu anymore but you can still get it).  It costs more here than the same order at the Fashion Mall location, I believe.
- Never very crowded

Cons:
- Pricey!  (esp. the cookies!)
- Don't stay open past 8 pm
- Some of the worst wait staff I've had - it is consistently bad - have had a couple of different guys and girls - both equally pathetic.  You will need to flag them down for a refill of tea.  Went there last night and waited 15 min before the guy came and took my order.  
- Again, Pricey for what you get!  Our tab was more than $86 for dinner /tea/desserts(I had a wrap and tea and dessert) - we did not have any appetizers.  Imagine if we would have had good service, the bill would have been higher due to higher tip!  LOL!
- Not many table tops that will hold 4+ people -- I think maybe 6-7 total.

We made our mind up last night, after the consistent bad service and high tab for an average meal that we won't go back there again except for desserts and that will be "to go"...

The owner/chef is there a lot - I don't know why she doesn't notice that her wait-staff is horrible and killing her business.  She also needs to lower her prices by 10-15%...She should read these reviews or at least have a suggestion box at her register...
The pastries are amazing!! Cannot tell at all that they're low calorie. The cookies taste like buttery clouds of pure perfection.. And the staff is always very polite and happy whenever I visit.
The only thing I would say could change is that the price for my latte was a bit steep and tasted fairly average.. But still this one of the best bakeries in the world!! Can't wait to try the food.
Best vegan food I've had since I moved to Vegas! Loooove it!
Another one of my favorites.  Great wraps with any meat substitute if you prefer and the red velvet cake is the best that I've had.  It's vegan and light and doesn't make you feel weighed down after you eat it.
This place is hit or miss. Unfortunately Vegas doesn't have a whole bunch of vegan/vegetarian restaurant options. The desserts here are definitely better than their savory foods. Service is horrible. I understand that they can get busy, but at least ATTEMPT to acknowledge your patrons.
THE AVOCADO DIP IS ADDICTING!  They give you a huge container of it with these delicate baked tortilla crisps.  Love it!  The only problem is that they give you about 4 pounds of it...and it's so good that I overeat every time and then need to go take a nap!

I will never get sick of the desserts here.  You can't go wrong with their mini cakes.
Obviously well-known for their vegan and vegetarian selection, they have become a popular spot to dine for herbivores. I've been here several times and find the dishes to be decent. The only thing that really caught my attention was the low calorie vegan baked goods. I have a sugar addiction so this definitely drew me in. The cakes are huge and quite moist. It is a little pricey, however. Sadly, that's expected from vegan and vegetarian eateries now a days.
Awful lunch I got a turkey and Swiss wrap that literally was tasteless.  I feel like I wasted 15 bucks on lunch.  I should have listened to the reviewers who said that past the desserts the food isn't good.
Service here was extremely slow. Not sure why it was this slow since the restaurant itself is pretty small. 

The Spicy crispy wrappini was delicious. I think if I ever go back I would eat that again. Very tasty and the chips that accompanied was good too. 

If service was a bit faster I think this place would be 4 stars.
I've written a review of this place before..but Red Velvet Cafe just blew me away AGAIN!

I had the Super Juice (whichever one has beets) and the chicken saute..both amazing. The juice was actually large enough and filling enough to share. All I can say is that the experience at Red Velvet is money, every time. 

Additionally, I finally tried a chocolate chip cookie (well two actually ;) ) and the entire box of 6 has only 160 calories. Really a great place to keep it low cal!
Great location if you are car shopping, slightly strange if you aren't its "in the middle."

Great Vegan Deserts, fresh salads and good atmosphere. Service can be slow but its a meal--"in-joy"
So sad to hear the news about the best chocolate chip cookies ever. I've been eating at Red Velvet for years now always thinking I was getting high quality good for you food and desserts. Come to find out they were misrepresenting them. All along what I thought was 27 cal were actually 157 cal. OMG WHAT!! The owners had no hard evidence to support their low calorie claim. I can only imagine how many calories are in their other dessets. They've lost a customer-how can I have any confidence in their integrity.
I want to start with I love this restaurant but I did see the review journal article on July 8th, 2013 by Jane Ann Morrison who had the cookies analyzed. The cookies are excellent but they are not under 30 calories each like the owner and website advertised. More like 157 calories each!! So just don't believe their calories listing because its completely false. I never believed it myself the cookies tasted too good.
This side of towns best kept secret! It is truly amazing and the service is great, however, it is way too small and gets crowded and you could have to wait a long time for food, but it is delicious!
Great gluten free wraps! Great gluten free desserts. Great staff. What else can I say besides they are great! So great that friends and family who aren't gluten free have tried their food and then brought me something gluten free from them because they just can't believe how good it is! I don't care about the calorie thing, didn't know about it before, don't care about it now. Their food is still really wonderful and I can guarantee that the gluten free items really are because I get extremely sick with the slightest amount of gluten and that's never happened here. I love Red Velvet, both locations. YUM!!!!!
I used to come here all of the time for lunch-- but now that I know that I've been lied to for years about the calorie count for the cookies, I will never go back.  The food was decent, but very high priced-- I didn't mind though because I believed that I was eating healthy-- now I believe that if they lied about the cookies, they probably lied about the calorie count for all of their food and desserts-- so long Red Velvet!!!
After the truth on the calorie count of the cookies have come out I have to update my review which I first did in October of '08.  Wow, I had been getting duped for a long time.  This was my go to spot for lunch with friends after a Saturday gym session, and I would often stop by for what I thought were low calorie desserts during the week.  But I cannot support a business that has been lying to their customers since as far back as 2010.  I know only the cookies have been analyzed but that is enough for me to doubt everything else on the menu and how it is prepared.  Thank you, Todd Wilbur and Jane Ann Morrison for revealing the truth about RVC.
Wow, They have been lying to me for years..... This is such Bull and I feel so disrespected... Not only was everything pricey, I still paid these high prices trusting I was eating healthy, If they lied about their Cookies you cannot trust their entire menu... I knew this was too good to be true ;/
This review is for both Red Velvet Cafe locations.

I'm not saying they don't serve delicious healthy food. I'm not saying their sweets are yummy. They are, for that, I'm giving 2 stars. However, I won't be returning to either locations again.

http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/jane-ann-morrison/cookies-might-be-too-good-be-true

To summarize really quick, this article tells about how people LOVED Red Velvet Cafe's infamous chocolate cookies, which claim to be only 27 calories each. Too good to be true? Yes. A Las Vegas author had these cookies analyzed and found out they were actually 157 calories! So the six-pack of cookies Red Velvet claims to be only 162 calories is actually 942 calories. Read the article and judge for yourself.

I've had Red Velvet vegan cakes many times, the ones that are supposed vegan and around 200 calories. As I try to stay fit and eat a sensible diet, I always appreciate establishments who offer vegan healthy alternatives. However, if I find a food I really want it, I'll buy it, sometimes regardless of if it's low-calorie. I'll eat a 900-calorie triple chocolate cake if that's what I really crave, but at least I KNOW how much I'm eating. 

I know that not all eateries provide their nutritional information on their food. I understand some recipes are kept secret. However, if you are going to be proud to claim how low calorie your delicious chocolate cookies are, they better be true! 

I just don't appreciate the dishonesty Red Velvet Cafe displayed. People rely on accurate information on what they eat, if that information is available. Now, I cannot trust anything Red Velvet Cafe says about any of their food. Can you? Their food may be delicious, but their actions left a bad taste in my mouth.
Great food horrible customer service. Expect to wait a long time for your food. Also a little pricey. The cakes and cookies are amazing!
Food was alway okay... Figured I was eating heathy so it did need to be amazing. BUT I always enjoyed the "low calorie" cookies.  Only 27c each, and tasted great.  But they lied to us, THEY LIED TO US!!!!!! They are 160+ each.  Almost 1000 for the pack of six vs 170.  OMG. I will never go back to these scammers.
If you are reading this because you are wondering if you should eat here, the answer is yes.  

Today I had the vegan bbq chicken sandwich.  It was amazing, not just amazing it was one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had, ever.  

Then I had some of the vegan chocolate chip cookies.  With the risk of sounding dramatic, it was blissful.  I would love to go on and on about how amazing my lunch was, however, I will just strongly encourage you to go check it out yourself.  

**You don't have to be vegan to eat here.  They have meat.-Enjoy!
Some of the most amazing vegan food I have ever touched to my lips. My friends and I are very picky when it comes to vegan food. This food has taste and flavor. Highly recommend it. Their vegan cakes are very good too.
http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/jane-ann-morrison/cookies-might-be-too-good-be-true 

I finally have answers to my questions.... I emailed RVC several weeks ago asking for clarification of the peanut butter cookie calorie count. It raised a red flag to me because it didn't seem possible for a peanut butter cookie to only have 27 calories when the label on my jar of peanut butter reads 118 calories per 2 tbsp! (Yes I'm aware of other alternatives... But at the end of the day calories still don't add up... The 3rd party testing seems to back this and be pretty factual!)

Maybe we're not all savvy bakers but something just wasn't quite right here! I'm not someone who counts calories or eats by a 'point' system but I do like to know what I'm eating. Like others have said if calories are being hidden, what else is in the food that shouldn't be? 

http://www.reviewjournal.com/columns-blogs/jane-ann-morrison/cookies-might-be-too-good-be-true
They are actually open til 9pm. They were nice and when we went to pay at 9pm they said we could stay and continue to chat for a while longer because they "would be there for awhile". Great food, excellent service. If anyone complains about this place then they probably think ihop and applebees are amazing. Go in, grab a table and enjoy yourself. Some people complain that they have to wait too long for service but lots of people actually enjoy talking to the company they are with and are there to relax, hence the "cafe" part?Just because the cakes are labeled vegan doesnt mean they taste any less than DELICIOUS! Food isnt loaded with salt and other junk so if youre used to processed junk then a lot of the dishes will taste a little odd to you but if youre looking for a delicious meal, snack, smoothie, or dessert that is relatively healthy for eating out, this is the place. They also make dishes how you like them. You can have them with meat or vegetarian style or vegan style.

as far as the reviewer is complaining about hidden calories in the peanut butter cookies. Have you heard of PB2 or powdered peanut butter? They probably use that. Theres lots of alternatives out there. Get the facts before making accusations (not to say that there couldnt be hidden calories though). Theres also products like powdered soy milk. Maybe they use that as well.
Good food & Good Service in a quaint café at a fair price. I will become a repeat customer.
I'm writing this after having been to the Sahara location multiple times in effort to give it a chance. During the times I visited, I had been vegetarian for nearly three years. I have had amazing vegan and vegetarian food and am more than familiar with the possibilities of vegetarian food. You CAN find good meat alternatives and "faux" meats. That said, this place is the absolute WORST when it comes to vegetarian food. I don't know one single item here that a vegetarian would willingly put in their mouth. This place is SO expensive for shitty food I could make in two seconds at home -- actually, scratch that, I would never make something so awful at home. I once ordered a "vegan" CRISPY buffalo chicken sandwich, and when I received it, it was a disgusting mass of soggy, god knows what "strips" that tasted like wet toilet paper covered in buffalo sauce, with some nasty shredded iceberg lettuce thrown in. I threw the entire FOURTEEN dollar wrap away. NOTHING was crispy and NOTHING resembled chicken -- not even soy chicken. I'm so surprised this place stays busy--let alone, in business--with the near dog food it serves its customers. Never, ever again.
The only reason to go here was the excellent low-calorie desserts. It turns out they lied about the calorie content and they are actually high-calorie excellent desserts. 

Check the stories in the newspaper for more info. I will never go here again.
Awesome tuna and arugula salad! I have been wanting to stop in eat at this place for a while and boy was I happy I did! The salad was loaded with Tuna, the greens were very fresh and the flavor nice and light. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the service and the food was outstanding!
My first reaction upon trying the tiramisu cake was, "WHY DOES THIS TASTE LIKE THIS!?????"

I literally said that out loud as i continued to stuff my face with all its tiramisuey greatness. I was seriously so confused and angry that an amazing dessert had been in my vicinity for so long and my taste buds were just now being introduced. 

It was huge (for me) so I was able to enjoy some for breakfast the next morning. best decision of the day was eating cake for breakfast. Anyways, the next day (last night), I was over in that hood with a friend and went back. Unfortunately they did not have the tiramisu cake, but they did have buy 2 cakes, get 1 red velvet cake free! whoooa, bros. The chocolate chip cookie cake was just as excellent!!! I am currently eating the red velvet cake at this moment and it's cool, but I'm not like red velvet fan #1. 

My name is CoCo, I know desserts, and I know you should go eat them here.
I stopped in at The Red Velvet Cafe for coffee and desert after eating next door at Swisha. That was a mistake, but that's an entirely different review. It's a small Cafe with two dining areas. One area is on the bakery side and the other area is in the kitchen side.

The menu has many healthy options. I just came for desert on this occasion though. I had a chocolate brownie or cake, not sure what to call it. It was pretty good. I eventually went back to have lunch there and it was pretty good. I ordered their chicken sandwich with avocado. It was good. The place is a bit over priced. Probably because they are a vegan cafe.

I read a review about this place misleading customers about the calorie content in some of their deserts. I don't put too much stock in the nutritional values listed at any restaurant. If I am counting calories, I cook my own food. It is the only way to accurately keep track.
Food is AMAZING!!! I was jeered by my friends upon suggesting we go there for lunch due to the "cookie calorie scandal" but honestly, who gives a crap about how many calories are in a cookie, I'm looking for great food and RVC has it!!! Four of us for lunch and everyone ordered different and everything was delicious! Service can sometimes be a litttle slow, but hey, this ain't McD's, so I'm good with waiting a bit for real food!!! Love love love their smoothies, panini's are top notch and the arugula salad is tdf!!! I finally tried the mac-n-cheese that has mixed reviews and while the flavor is great, it should be sold as pasta with cheese sauce since the consistency isn't at all like traditional m&c, but aside from that, LOVE this place!!!
(and btw, any adult expecting a low cal cookie to taste like a 5star sugar fest is an deserves to be duped in my book... boy would I love to sell you a car or some swampland in Florida!!!)
After years of eating here, I'm writing my final review.  The food here is good, but I always leave feeling sick to my stomach.  I'm not a vegan, but I love vegan food and regularly ordered from both sides of the menu.  I think the food is overpriced, and the fact that I always feel sick after eating it has forced the decision to never go back.  On a more positive note, the desserts rock, but it was no surprise to me to see the articles come out about their calorie content.  This is not supposed to be a casual restaurant, but the decor, menu selection and quality of service you get here says otherwise.  In particular, I think the Fashion Show location has the absolute worst staff of waitresses of any restaurant in Vegas.  Overall, I feel the quality of food you get here is sub-par and overpriced and a restaurant like this would not last in a major city.
By far the best Vegan restaurant in town. What's even better is that you don't have to be a vegan or vegetarian to enjoy the tasty dishes. Prices are reasonable and they have a thoughtful beer and wine list. The deserts are not to be missed. The icing on the cake is the 5 star service I've received on each and every one of my visits.
Every time I've been here, this place is always always packed with the worst kind of people: usually upper crust business people trying out this new "vegan" thing. It's got a really snotty vibe to it, but I know the owners can't help who comes in. It does cause a super long wait for your food though.

I've had quite a few of the wraps and the desserts. To be honest, I don't get what all the hype is about. I thought the food was pretty bland, kinda sloppy, and nothing to write home about. The desserts are "good" but whatever they use as sweetener (stevia?) leaves a weird aftertaste. 

If you're vegan, you have so many better options in this city. Take off the "Red Velvet" googles and go down the street to Whole Foods.
I've been here several times and love it. I'm vegetarian (mostly vegan, but not 100% of the time), and this place has so many options! My meat-eating friends like it too. The food is healthy overall compared to most restaurants. 

I read about the mis-quoted calorie content of the chocolate chip cookies (they are AMAZING by the way). I will continue to go here to catch up with friends over tea and cookies, regardless of the calorie count. All I can say is if you believed those cookies only had 27 calories per cookie, you are insane. Anyone who bakes can tell you that nothing that tasty has that few calories. Even vegan baking is FULL of sugar, oil and flour. Delicious but not healthy! 

Regardless, I still think this place is great, and I will eat up those cookies like there's no tomorrow! I just don't expect cookies to be healthy, even if they are vegan. It's a perfect spot to get together with friends for a meal. I highly recommend it!
Second time here! Amazing food :) a bit on the pricier range but is totally worth what you get! Will be coming back
I came too Red Velvet Cafe after good day at the gym looking for something healthy side for lunch. I have been here before but only too pick up some of there famous gluten free Red Velvet Cake. Not vegan so thinking about tasting gluten free Red Velvet had my doubts. I can tell you honestly not imagine healthier cupcake tasting this good. Since I was here had too take one home for dessert and taste was still just as good. I love the way they package all there desserts too go. Individual package in clear plastic containers that strong/clear see the dessert and presented with all the individual touch put into all the desserts. I ordered one more for my friends birthday and they nice enough gave me candle put in the same container.

Not sure if they do it year round but they have special December specials of the month menu. The Grilled Chicken and Sauteed Vegetables Bowl caught me eye. Mention earlier looking for something healthy after putting my time in the gym. It was the perfect light, hearty, and healthy lunch. The pieces of chicken were grilled too perfection nice moist and nice size pieces. The combinations of vegetables was wonderful from the napa cabbage, snow peas, and everything cooked too a perfect al dente. It came with brown rice but asked the waiter if could substitute white rice. He more then happy too do it! It nice size portion in all so definitely left with full and healthy belly. My waiter was great he asked if ever been too Red Velvet Cafe before and even asked him suggestion either pasta or more stir fry. He went with the stir fry, Great choice.

I went for lunch so it was pretty much empty and first glance thinking too myself if the place is even open. Literally no cars in front of the restaurant. Don't let that that stop you from coming in. Red Velvet Cafe has nice selection of different healthy choices. Sure plan on coming back after another workout or looking for something on heathy side. RED VELVET CAKE always always FAN for life!!!
I've only had their vegan chocolate chip cookies about 12 times in the last year. They're delicious. Being that they are a specialty item I think the $7 is worth it for 6 cookies.
I haven't experienced any of the negatives others have mentioned. The staff is always super nice, despite me looking silly and getting confused about which side I was supposed to order at.

I was so excited, and a bit dubious, about the items being gluten free AND vegan. I can honestly say that the red velvet cake and the mocha cake are my favorite desserts, and would be even if I wasn't GF and vegan!!! Wowza. Seriously. My husband even approves! I didn't have any adverse reaction from cross contamination, either. Amazing- truly a dream come true!

The only non-dessert food I've ordered so far is the taco salad (w/o shell) and even though initially I felt it was too expensive, once I got it I was amazed at how much good stuff was in it; that was one hefty salad!! It made multiple meals for me. Thanks for being so generous!!
The only problem now is that I'm addicted and I can't afford to eat there every day. :)
I was going to this restaurant in its first 6 months of business being open (Sahara location).  This was before they even expanded their restaurant.  I will tell you exactly what you need to know, about going here or not.

First, the customer service is and always has been TERRIBLE.  Back when the male owner was around, he would always chat with us and was very friendly.  But anyone and everyone else has always either been awkwardly quiet or just overall unfriendly.  You don't go here for the service... also don't call and ask questions over the phone.  That is a nightmare!  I can't count how many times I've just gone "Forget it!" after getting off the phone with them.

Some of the desserts are really, really good.  The cookies in particular.  That's a plus.  There's a few menu items that are really tasty too (vegan soft chicken tacos).  But there's just as many other regular menu items that are a total miss (crispy chicken wrap).  Most of the time, we only go to pick up a dessert or two.

Now, finally.  The great cookie calorie debacle of '13.  LOL.  Ok, so they lied about their calorie count.  I have always been secretly worried that they weren't upfront about all the desserts being vegan myself.  Now, without the calorie controversy, that wouldn't really sway me from going here.  However.... as one other yelper pointed out, if they could so easily and knowingly lie about the calorie count, what else are they lying about?  Do they use real butter?  Do they sneak in cheaper, non-vegan ingredients and still hike up the prices?

I also need to point out that there may be a sanitary issue... I saw something here before that would get them a big fat F on a health department test...  So, just be aware of that.
Lost all credibility!

We always knew the calorie counts at RVC were too good to be true...and it turns out we were right. 

The Las Vegas Review Journal recently tested the chocolate chip cookies and found each one had, on average, about 157 calories - nearly 6 times what was advertised!

The food was ok, service left something to be desired, but outright lying about calories is deceitful and unethical.

Unfortunately, I won't be revisiting RVC in the future.
I came here multiple times for the low calorie cookies and icing.  I feel deceived that they lied about the calorie count but can't say I was surprised when the truth unfolded.  I always questioned how they could make the cookies with such a low calorie count.  I even inquired about the ancient recipe.  They said for allergies you had to list specific ingredients and they would ask the chef if those ingredients were in the cookies.  I still love the cookies but haven't been here since the LVRJ wrote the article.  I will get the cookies for special occasions but definitely won't be enjoying as many as I used to.  For the Vegans out there...I would question their integrity now and wonder if some of their products are really truly Vegan?
You won't be disappointed with this place! 

Ate here with my bestie Carly R a little while back. Been meaning to post a review for a while now. The food, oh wow, the food. Where shall I start. ... red velvet cookies get a 2 thumbs up . I've never had an item I didn't tremdously like. Carly loved her BBQ meatless chicken. 
 
Do be prepared to splurge$$$  it's definitely in the higher price point.  Even for Vegan food which is why I'm giving them 4 starts and not 5. Still in my opinion one of the best Vegan restaurant in town.
I thought this place was amazing when I first started going. The food tasted good and it was healthy. I love dessert and thought I really lucked out finding a place that had such delicious desserts for so few calories. After finding out their cookies had about six times the calories they were telling people, I was beyond upset. I ate those cookies several times a week for months. Gee, I wonder why I didn't lose any weight. I know now. I don't like being lied to and for that, I  won't step foot in there again...
Definitely one of my favorite veggie/vegan places in town. They have a huge menu and great drink selections- not to mention a SLEW of vegan desserts that are amazing. 
I love the Mexicano (espresso drink), the quesadilla, anything BBQ, and of course, the red velvet anything!
The food had always been good when I have gone the Servers also are friendly even if at times a little slow.  

People need to get over the cookies had more calories thing you were eating cookies do you really think cookies are healthy,  

It's a great place to go for a mixed group with meat eaters and Vegans.  The menu has great choices that everyone will be happy with.  

It's a shame they have lost a lot of business due to the cookiegate scandal.
It was fantastic completely. Fantastic vegan food. There is something for everyone. There vegan deserts are the best things to indulge on. Who cares about calories there is no milk which is harmful to your health. Also service was fantatic. They were all friendly and greeted me whiling to serve. A+
Wow my first time here and im obsessed with this,place now! Food was excellent! I will be back soon!
We tried the red velvet cafe today and it was delicious! The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. I had the hummus vegan pizza and it was amazing!  I liked that they had options for everyone. I brought both my kids age 9 and they both loved it too!
Great food nice people yummy vegan food !! :D when I am back in Vegas def coming here again
The food here is amazing!!!!! Ive tried there buffalo vegan wrap, btw im not vegan but there vegan options are even better than eating actual meat :), there taco bowl,there pizzas are awesome! practically every dessert they have which is fabulous! Also they have excellent tea options as well!
My favorite hands down vegan option in Vegas. No one makes a piece of cake taste so amazing than they do! I make a habit of stopping in regularly just for the desserts. amazing! Please open a cafe in Green Valley!!
Red Velvet Café has awesome desserts!  I had a vegan raspberry cupcake that was recommended by one of the guys that worked there.  My friend got a gluten-free, vegan tiramisu, and he offered me a taste.  It was to die for!  

This place has meat, but everything on their menu can be veganized.  I ended up getting a vegan curry to go.  I actually didn't care for the curry or the rice.  However, I would definitely frequent this place for the desserts alone.  Oh and their cold pressed juices!  I had the "Unstressed" for breakfast the next morning before we had to head to the airport. The menu description of the Unstressed is "Unwind with this Refreshing Juice that Calms the Mind while Enhancing Immunity & Digestion" Coconut, apple & strawberries".  I wanted the gluten-free, vegan tiramisu my friend had the previous day, but they were all out.  I ended up getting something chocolatey, and it was vegan and gluten-free and marvelous!
"Healthy Dishes, But Oh...Those Luscious Desserts"

The food was solid, healthy --in concept, taste, and the feeling one has after eating. In the city known for its excesses, this was a welcome break. I appreciated the focus on having options --vegan, gluten-free and cleansing juices. Thoroughly enjoyed the Sweet and Sour Chicken (gluten-free) --that being said, don't expect it to be exactly like the belly-bloating wheat flour-coated, salt and sugar-loaded, fried in likely-rancid oil variety at other more, uhm, standard chain restaurants.

But really, I visited (twice!) for the gluten-free desserts. Blood sugar and calories be damned! Thankfully I carry supplements to aid for these, ahem, dietary indiscretions.  Some happened to be vegan as well so kudos to inventiveness for those creations. 

The cakes were simply delicious--moist, flavorful, the perfect creaminess, and the joy that they brought. So my favorites in order:

#1 Mocha cake (gluten-free)
#2 Tiramisu (glute-free/vegan)
#3 Red Velvet cake (gluten-free/vegan)
 
Also got a Mexican mocha which was not as noteworthy.

Service here was mixed, one great, the other time not so much. I did find that Thursday night crew to be stellar and welcoming.
I have been here many times and used to be a regular.  The recent calorie controversy kept me away.  Although I am still angry about that, I have been given recently with the desire to return.  No, not for desert but for the simple good healthy food.  Their buffalo chicken wrap is particularly good and I appreciate their veggie and gluten free options. The truth is that there are not many places that cater to these choices.  While not entrenched in either camp, I like to make those menu choices on occasion.  

Service is good for me because they remember me.  Good is good not great.  Thankfully I have not seen the owners as I may lose control of my mouth. :). I so like the place though and if you are looking for veggie, vegan, gluten free specialities there are not a lot of choices
I have been coming here for many many years. I really like all of their cake options and variety. I am not going to lie. I think I have tried almost all of them! There are a few which have the same frosting (the sweet overkill one) and then some that have wayyyyy too much chocolate (I swear I love chocolate but this is overkill). The peanut butter and chocolate cake has gooey peanut butter and 1/2 chocolate ganache type frosting. Way too sweet and guilt inducing. It would still be good with less peanut butter and frosting. The cakes are very dense (If that's your thing) and a few times my cakes were dry. It was a disappointment. 

The gluten free cakes are OK but nothing I would drive from far and crave. 

Overall the red velvet seems to be my favorite. 

In terms of the food I can't really speak about the menu too much. I have only ordered the Vegan taco salad and it is very good. The meat is seasoned just right and it is a tasty salad. I have not tried anything else because I always go back to the taco salad. 

What turned me off was seeing them in the news that they lied to their customers about the calorie content. It was upsetting because I spent many years calorie counting and I think people rely on being told the truth so they can plan their day based on the calories. I would hope that they care enough for their customers to tell the truth but every time I ask about the calories I get the answer "We don't know." I think they need to be truthful.
The staff is always so nice, and the dessert is just amazing. Love going their and eating dinner then having some coffee with a cake, my little one loves it especially since I let him pick out our dessert, usually he always wants the Red Velvet Cake, since he loves strawberry's.
Great for health conscious fanatics... They serve it three ways: vegan,vegetarian or regular. The healthier you order the more expensive. I ordered the tuna salad sammich and chose the salad in lieu of baked chips, with a mojito tea. It was surprisingly satisfying!
I love this place!!! All options (except for shrimp?) can be made vegan or vegetarian on request. I had a delish vegan tuna panini melt. I was so impressed! Can't wait to go back and try more! Also, all of their cupcakes and cookies are all vegan!!!
I tend to agree with my friend, Clint on this one. 

Food is decent, but I think overpriced. The Red Velvet Cup Cake is good, and makes a great treat to bring to the office or to bring for individual deserts at a dinner party.

Slow, but friendly service.  Friendly, because I used to be a regular. 

I used to frequent this place, but no more, and here's why.......

The owner would tell me that he had to keep his price point " a little higher because all the ingredients were special, like free range chicken" and that "all produce was organic".

One day I was going into Costco, and guess who I saw taking out a large commercial push cart? The owner of Red Velvet Cafe, Sonil Tolani. 

There on his cart was tons of Chicken, Meat, Produce, and other things needed to run a successful restaurant.  That's okay, but don't give this BS, that his ingredients are more costly because they are special. 

Bottom line: Again, read Clint's review; I think it is accurate, but read other "less than five star" reviews. This owner is less than truthful about other things, such as the calorie content of their food.
The peanut butter and jelly cake is to die for!!!!  The cookies are good, but the savory items on the menu are hit and miss. I try and stay with to-go desserts.
We heard a lot of great things about this place so we decided to venture out of our western summerlin bubble and check out the Red Velvet Cafe.  This place is frequently mentioned by friends as a healthy place to eat...Plenty of parking in the lot which is great.  The wait staff is very friendly.

I had the Teriyaki chicken with veggies and brown rice.  It was flavorful but I keep thinking to myself, this can't be that healthy LOL.  Its probably packed with soy sauce.  

My wife had the watermelon arugula salad w/o the cheese.  She said it was ok but we will give Red velvet the benefit of the doubt because cheese adds tons of flavor and she declined to have any.

We shared a red velvet cupcake and it was pretty good.  The bread is not as spongy as we would like but its probably because of its healthy ingredients.

The prices are a bit high so we probably won't be regulars.
Vegan fire fries.  also, vegan tacos are delicious. The cakes are delicious. Don't come here on a diet. :/ favorite place in Vegas to find vegan options hands down. The service is awesome. Everyone is friendly. Absolutely recommended. :)
This place is great for vegans and non-vegans alike. The food is awesome, and so is the service. Most of the desserts are vegan and most of the items on the menu are available prepared vegan. I come here regularly, because it is so good.
Not really a fan of this place. I got some dessert to go after a friend recommended it (very highly). It was a chocolate cupcake with strawberries and cookie pieces in it. The strawberries were tasteless but had a weird consistency to it...to the point where I didn't know what it was I was eating until I remembered there were supposed to be strawberries in it. I also thought it was way overpriced for what you get...something like $7-8! I didn't try their other food, but since they're known for their dessert I probably won't be back. The worker-bees are super nice and helpful and the place is clean and nice to go into though.
This is the place to go if you need to cater to people with different eating habits. vegan, vegetarian, omnivore, kids, all welcome here. I wish I had knew about this place when I was on my vegan diet, I might have last longer and not felt so isolated from not going out to eat with my non-veg friends. My favorite thing is the super moist vegan cakes and cookies in loads of different flavors!! Red velvet is my current favorite :)
I love the vegan food here. I've had a handful of different desserts and they are wonderful. I eat really healthy so when I eat dessert I want it to be rich and worth it. These desserts cake, cookies, smoothies alike are all rich and perfect for my sweet tooth! 

The only reason I didn't give five stars is because they serve meat and dairy. I wish it was a vegan only restaurant. Vegan food holds up on its own. People just need to get over their addiction to meat and enjoy this tasty food! 

To those worried about calorie count...cook your own food...that is the only way you'll ever really know. Eating out is a luxury not a necessity for dieting.
We enjoyed our food at the red velvet cafe.  Caprese salad was tasty.  We also tried a panini.  For dessert we shared a red velvet cupcake with there vegan butter cream frosting.  The cupcake was really moist and the frosting surprisingly good.  We were skeptical because we are used to cream cheese frosting on red velvet.  Service was friendly but slow.  Prices were a bit high.   Over all a 3 1/2 stars.
I feel that it is over priced, you can get 5 cookies which are good but small for $8.00 again over priced. The food is just okay, I have been twice but probably won't go back.
I always make a point of visiting Bann's whenever I am in Edinburgh. I am by no means a vegetarian, in fact I looove ma meat! But the food here is amazing. It's like they overcompensated for the lack of meat by adding delicious flavours to everything else.


 So you get amazing food, beautifully presented and affordable too. Fandabbydozee!
I eat meat, lots of it, frequently, but every once in awhile I like to experiment with vegetarian cuisine... I crave vegetables constantly, but it's rare for me that each and every component of a meal is fresh organic produce... The hotel concierge recommended this place -- it's very attractive and modern, almost sexy, and the food is terrific.

I started with the Brioche with asparagus and shallots and a poached egg with hollandaise sauce.

Then I had Tortellini stuffed with mushrooms and cheese curds that came in a beetroot sauce.

Next I ordered the Soufflé with spinach and beetroot and blue cheese with a side of olive and basil polenta and a side of tomato chutney.

I'm normally not a dessert person but since I was on vacation and felt like indulging I treated myself to the Rhubarb Pudding with ginger sauce and vanilla ice cream.

Shocked by the very welcome low price of the wine selection, we split two bottles of Viognier -- 12.50 each!

Because I was so intensely focused on satisfying my own appetite I have absolutely no idea what my dinner companion ate -- but the reviews afterward were all glowing, as, of course, were my own.

 I'd love to eat here often... If only I didn't live on a different continent.
My daughter and I visited Edinburgh two years ago and discovered David Bann's excellent vegetarian restaurant. We returned to London this October with my son and wife for a conference and made it a special point to visit beautiful Edinburgh and have another fine meal at this wonderful restaurant. 

Oh, by the way, the castle is great, too. 

Thank you Mr. Bann.
i thought my food options in scotland would be limited to potatoes, mashes, and some forms of potatoes, but this place completely changed my perception of edinburgh's culinary culture.

the first time we came here on a friday night, we couldn't get a table, so we made a reservation for the following night. if you are planning to come for dinner, it is advisable to make a reservation before hand.

we had the leek and potato soup - bursting with flavors and incredibly yummy (i am not a fan of potatoes). the lentil tart was right on in every aspect - taste, texture, and surprises. the aubergine and mash dish was beautiful and full of taste (i even like the mash). we ended the occasion with the pear and passion fruit tart - one of the best dessert that i have had last year. 

our waiter had a great sense of humor - the service was good and friendly. i really like their romantic, stylish, and tranquil decor.

warning: eating here might cause a foodgasm.
Does the idea of a vegetarian restaurant put you in mind of Birkenstock wearing hippies eating lentils from earthenware bowls?  Yes? Then perhaps you should pay a visit to David Bann's to challenge your perceptions. This restaurant has somehow managed to make vegetarian food sexy, stylish and interesting. The menu is packed full of tempting dishes and it's easy to forget that there is no meat on offer. The food is creative and original and takes influence from cuisine from around the world. I used to love the Aduki bean burger with goat's cheese; it's no longer on the menu, but it's good that they change things around regularly to keep it fresh and interesting. Weekend brunch can be a bit of a let-down for non meat eaters (imagine it without bacon or sausages!?!), but David Bann's does a good job of consoling the poor veggie buggers with 'Free range organic eggs cooked your way on toasted muffins, mushrooms, homemade potato scone and beans in a herb tomato sauce', it's served until 5pm on Saturday and Sunday and will only set you back £6.
Heavenly.

Fantastic service.  Excellent tasty food, especially the curry they had on the menu.  We loved it so much, we went back a few days later.

This place delivers!!!
I have to admit - I was surprised when I saw the really good reviews below me, so I had to take everything they have said into account....but I didn't like it so much! 
I wouldn't say I was an especially big meat-eater - I don't really like red meat but I must admit I missed it in here.

The restaurant is lovely though, very swish. Yeah, I used the word swish.

For a vegeterian, it is brilliant. I've lost count of the amount of times my vegeterian friends have had to settle for the only one option on a menu they can eat, but in here they can have their pick!

I think I might have had the same curry as Jay V below me, but I really didn't like it. It's all about preferences I suppose.

For vegeterians - BRILLIANT
For everyone else - Meh
Outstanding! Great food and excellent service

Veggie or not, you'll have a feat meal here
our starters were absolutely amazing, yet our entrees fell a little short.  maybe we ordered things that strayed from our taste aesthetics, but we were slightly disappointed, though it was definitely edible.  maybe our starter dishes simple set the bar very high.

this all vegetarian with vegan options menu had just enough selection to warrant another visit, yet not so much one would feel confused where to start.

the staff was great.  no one person helped us, but our very attentive staff also did not inundate us with too much attention.

i liked so much about this place, i would love to give it a five, and if i do get the chance to visit again, i'm hoping that will change the rating i gave it.
Went there during my visit to Edinburgh based on yelp reviews.
Luckily our hotel was quite cloes by this place so we went there for lunch.
Interior was pretty modern and tidy. Liked it.
We ordered Aubergine+mashed potato dish and something Kefta with almond sauce (Sorry, not sure about the names we ordered).
To be honest, I was a bit worried about this place even though the reviews were good because I am not a vegiterian.
But as soon as I and my boyfriend tasted dishes, we regreted that we worried. It was heavenly good, not to mention very hearthy...!!
I could feel that dishes were very well and healthily prepared. No doubt.

In Edinburgh, I strongly recommend here along with Thedogs I visited on my first day. 

Just go there. You won't regret :)
Hmm. I'm not a vegetarian, but on occasion (jn any restaurant, not just vegetarian ones) I will have the none meat option just for a change.

So, slightly pathetically, I was looking forward to a meal at David Bann's with some vegetarian friends of mine. 

The restaurant itself is fine - nothing special, but pleasant enough. The food looks and smells amazing when you see it being given to other customers, however, the menu just doesnt make anything sound appatising at all - in the end, one I had told the waiter several times I wasnt ready to order because nothing grabbed my attention, I went for some mushroon something or other, and , not suprisingly, I wasnt impressed. My vege friends love this polace, possibly because they feel like they have to - but I wasnt impressed.
I'd heard alot about this place, but I love eating meat so I've been putting off a visit.

On David's recommendation I got the brioche with asparagus and shallots, it was outstanding. The produce tastes unbelievably fresh, like they plucked it out the ground a few hours prior. I was really impressed by the selection of wines that they had (and the sample glasses we were offered).

The only problem is that I left feeling very hungry, even after 3 courses.
I don't quite understand the reviews claiming that that they literally missed meat while they were in David Banns or that its fine for vegetarians but not for everyone else. Even before I was a vegetarian I didn't feel the need to eat meat breakfast, elevenses, lunch and dinner, or every day for that matter. That would be quite some dependence. I like other good groups, like dairy or carbohydrates. But if I went into a restaurant free of them, I think I could probably manage for one meal without getting too upset. I feel like because people notice it is veggie, for some reason they have a predisposition toward seeing this as the sole reason for its faults. So I think maybe people need to realise a vegetarian restaurant can be crap for reasons other than its lacking animal.

As its stands I don't think David Bann is crap (the restaurant, not the man, he might be crap for all I know). There are plenty of vegetarian restaurants I don't like regardless of being veggie, but I do like Bann. My first and only gripe really is that its a touch more expensive than Edinburgh average. Expect to pay around or just over £10 for a main course (and you're likely to have a starter and/or a dessert). 

There's not a huge number of dishes on the menu, but that's because it's all fresher than fresh (and mostly organic). The last time I ate here I had udon noodles, in a red pepper sauce, with smoked tofu. It was lovely! Thus dispelling the myth that tofu does, and will always, taste like a mixture of paper and water.

I have to admit that I don't find the restaurant overly filling. However I've always had this problem with restaurants, even before I became a vegetarian. Some have eluded that the problem is that there doesn't appear to be any meat around (anywhere!) but a niggling feeling in the back of my mind tells me its because the portions are small.

In general David Bann is a great restaurant. It's good for vegetarians willing to spend a little extra for some fancier food, or just generally for those wanting to experiment with very flavorful organic produce.
On the rare occasion that I find myself in a vegetarian eatery, I feel a bit like the Copper from The Wicker Man. It's safe to say I view with suspicion anyone who wouldn't be happy to tear a newborn spring lamb limb from limb, and I often imagine the eyes of the sacrilegious beetroot bashers digging  into me, looking for a weakness to exploit.

I've not been burned alive by them, yet, and whilst I will never turn to their sordid ways, David Bann did a not bad job of tempting me with the Tofu and Red Pepper Noodles. I wasn't surprised that they were good, but was surprised they were that good, and just how meaty the tofu tasted.
Oh David, you were doing so well with your food I would love to give you a four star or even five, but your staff are awful. 

My friend suggested here in order to accomodate my vegetarian proclivities... which alwaysmakes me happy - the options you get in vegetarian restaurants are always more exciting than non. David Bann did not disappoint. We didn't try any of the starters but they did sound mouthwatering - instead heading directly for the mains. I had the kofte, which were undersalted (I know, vegetarians do increase their salt but... honestly I swear it needed more) and the sauces really didn't soak in too well, but overall, I enjoyed my meal. My friends both had the lentil dish, which looked fabulous and apparently tasted the same as well. For dessert, we had the lime and ginger ice cream (tasty!), the peach and vanilla tart (paired with mint ice cream, both singularly good but together didn't work as well), and the lemon and raspberry pousset. Oh yes, I did snigger somewhat at that one, until I tasted it... and I had to turn serious in order to enjoy every mouthful. 

So that was the food. Yum, yum and yum. 

Service - apart from the main waiter and the girl who first ushered me in - was poor bordering on insulting. The main server being one who didn't seem to have a sense of humour (ok, so I was a little hyper, so I will let him off) - and couldn't remember who had ordered what, my least favourite moment was when some other waitress passing by threw my friends coffee on the table whilst talking to someone else behind us. Err, thanks for that, you can kiss your tip goodbye, honey. 

When we left, there was a big queue of people. Perhaps that is why the staff think they can be a little offhand with punters but honestly, you can make and break places based on lack of courtesy. I would like to go back, but I think I would be a little unwilling based on service.
Warm, stylish settings + good food = very worthwhile place to try.

Food: started out with the parsnip soup, which was very welcome on the chilly, rainy evening. My main was a plate of three kofta balls, which I was excited to see on the menu and consumed with enthusiasm. My only disappointment was there wasn't more kofta to eat! I ended the evening with orange vanilla cheesecake - a nice way to wrap up the meal.

Service: friendly and attentive at first, but by the the time the meal was over, I felt a little neglected. I had to flag someone for my check after sitting there for five minutes. Not a biggie, as the food was so good!
Wide ranging menu with choices that should appeal not just to vegetarians but all members of your party - great location, hip atmosphere, and, when I was there at least, pleasant staff. Food was honestly made and tasty...if you're hungry and on a budget, get the huge bowlof soup. Fresh squeezed OJ available if you're craving a dose of vitamin C. If you're veg, this is worth seeking out and was recommended by a local who claims it's a much better place to go than Henderson's.
Highly recommended.

When you have vegetarian and vegan visitors it's always a challenge finding somewhere that properly caters for them.  David Bann ONLY caters for these weirdos ;-) but does it extremely well.

I've been three or four times now and would choose to go with or without the mekons.
One of my travel books said David Bann is one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and a cannot-miss.  Plus, it's vegetarian.  I'm not vegetarian, but was for several years, so I appreciated the idea of an upscale restaurant only serving vegetarian meals.  

I think the menu has enough variety to keep veggies and meat eaters satisfied.  I ordered the roasted aubergine with puy lentils, mash and puff pastry for my entree and the hot peach and raspberry tart for dessert.  Really tasty stuff and I would definitely go back again.

My only complaint is service seemed a bit slow.  It took forever to get my drink order and we also sat around for ages waiting for the bill.  But, all in all, a beautiful restaurant with a very date-y vibe.
Eating here was one of the highlights of our visit to Edinburgh. Upon lots of research, we decided David Bann was the one restasurant we HAD to go to for a romantic, dressed up meal before drinks. 

We were seated by the window, but I wouldn't recommend sitting there. We had to pull the shades down because directly across the restaurant is a hotel or a hostel and there were people watching our date from the window - not exactly great for the mood. 

We ordered appetizers, glasses of wine, and a few dishes. Since we are both vegetarians, my boyfriend and I often go for the same menu item but decided to opt for different dishes and ended up eating out of eachothers plates for the whole meal in what was blissful silence. We are Indian, so to eat Indian food in a non-Indian establishment is always humurous to both of us, but it was flavorful and delicious. It was a twist on a classic dish but we loved every bite. The portions were generous, the ambiance was romantic, and we had such a special experience there.

And a few nights later, we ran into David Bann himself at a restaurant. It turns out he was sitting a table or two away from us at an Indian restaurant we were dining in and is a regular there. 

I would recommend this restasurant to anybody and would go back any day I could for a special meal. It was worth every single cent we paid and will remain as the best vegetarian restaurant we have ever been to, the world over...we'll see what can surprass it!

Ask your waiter for suggestions - they have tried and fallen in love with dishes that you may also fall for. 

David Bann is mind-blowing! Do NOT miss it!
Sometimes... the heart goes fonder, and completely overlooks all the negatives of a place. And so it goes for David Bann. Now, what I did remember was that it was hit or miss, to excess, but I didn't remember why. But re-reading (thankfully something I didn't do before else I might never have returned) reminded me that service and food is something that David Bann is inconsistent with. 

Now, this time, I had tomato and basil soup with smoked mushroom ravioli. Oh, sweet lord, I almost turned to religion in my ecstasy over the common tomato soup, because DB has it down pat - I've never tasted such a refreshing, taste-bomb of a bowl. when you add the ravioli to the mix, the heady smoky flavour (think Belhaven smokery, if you know it... if not, well, it's really strong in the smoky department) of the mushroom made it a powerful companion. 

The Silent Reviewer's roasted veg on brioche was... dull by comparison, and there was no way we could see a way to make it sound more exciting than it was. Every bite he took, the envy on his face grew, with a hint of regret for not going with the same as me. 

For the mains, I had the rice pancake with spiced-up chickpeas, cauliflower and cashews (all the c's really did sound inspiring). What I thought was going to be relatively light turned out to be a dense heavy stodgy pancake with a clumsily spiced stuffed - it was alright, but to be honest, it wasn't well executed or a memorable dish.

The Silent Reviewer had the chili filo tart stuffed with butter and kidney beans. My honest reaction from the description on the menu (and not one I often say unless it revolves around something like macaroni cheese)... it sounded like something I would make at home, and don't take that as some indicator that I am some sort of gastronomic superstar, because I really am not. And it tasted like it was... another dish of forgettable value - for me the best bit was the swede chunky chips - they were delicious, but the SR just looked depressed. 

We finished up sharing the lemon and raspberry posset (which I had the last time... amazeballs again) and the vanilla and orange cheesecake. Once I slowed down enough, I realised that the cheesecake was absolutely fabulous in a rather muted way. 

Now, when I say muted, it is because throughout the meal, I had felt more and more rushed. Several times we had to turn the waitress away as we were asked yet again for drinks and menu orders. When ordering the soup we were warned it would take ten mins to prepare. Ten mins? I would assume it would take ten mins for my starter to be prepped anyway, why should that be seen as slow? But that was only a precursor to what happened next. Main course turned up almost as soon as our starters were cleared. Dessert order taken and promptly arrived within minutes. I literally had to pick up my spoon to make like I was still eating in order to keep the overeager staff at bay (this was where I stubbornly slowed down and realised, actually my dessert was pretty good) as I caught out of the corner of my eye the waitress charging towards our table again. I felt rushed, that I ate too fast and ultimately didn't really enjoy the experience. Except for the soup - everything is forgiven for that. 

By the time we were back in the car, it had just turned 9pm. We were seated for 7:30pm - and in that time had knocked back a 3 course meal. I had barely reached half a glass of wine by dessert (seriously, that would normally be a bottle and me eyeing up the liqueur menu). So I think that is definitely my last trip to David Bann - service and food just are not up to scratch for me - at least not in a consistent enough manner for me to want to return. Definitely a 'Must Try Harder' on the report card.
It would appear that I have celebrated all the major events in my life with a meal at David Banns, it seemed fitting therefore to make a return visit at the start of my 35th year!

David Bann manages to accomplish what a lot of restaurants struggle with by providing delicious, innovative and exciting veggie dishes. It breaks my heart to go to a restaurant and find the vegetarian options are limited to mushroom stroganoff, vegetable lasagne and tomato penne pasta (laziness is what it is!).  

In my group were the hardiest of hardy meat eaters, and it was quite a sight to see them all struggling to choose from the menu!

Starters were gorgeous and perfect sized portions. I had a very tasty blue cheese tart and the ravioli in a tomato broth looked so yummy!

We 'Oooo'd and 'Aahhhh'd our way through the mains with clean plates left by all. I was happy as a clam (erm...a veggie clam!) with my Jerusalem artichoke, celeriac with puff pastry and, although my friend didn't manage to finish her portion of smoke tofu with ginger and tomato jasmine rice, we soon put that to rights and scoffed the rest of it between us!

To finish, chocolate souffles all round...a perfect end to a great meal!

There was, as always, a great wine list and the meal came in at around £32 each which is pretty good for 3 courses and wine! The restaurant itself is elegant, intimate and has a general buzz of happiness and contentment about it!

The only one thing lacking tonight was slightly inattentive service (hence my 4 stars) however, the place was packed to the rafters so will make allowances for that!

David Bann, save me a seat for my return visit...it definitely won't be long before I'm back again!
After getting kind of tired of the typical great pub food of Scotland, my family and I decided to come here. This vegetarian fare is AMAZING - seriously. A bit pricey, of course, but totally beats pretty much all other vegetarian restaurant food I have had. The service was also great, and I had super good eggplant here.
Superb vegetarian food.  In fact, so good that I reckon most carnivores would like it.
Puddings to die for (especially the chocolate soufflé).
Rather nice modern decor.
High end Vegetarian! What a treat!

I've paid two visits here, two years apart, and been delighted both times. Really tasty, beautifully presented food and plenty of choice (though as I'm not a fan of beetroot, I was slightly limited; the house tomato sauce also seemed to make more appearances that I would have thought was strictly necessary).

The two dishes I enjoyed most were an Asian-style smoked tofu stir fry on udon noodles on my first visit, and the mushroom ravioli starter on my second. Both were really delicious, with excellent, well-balanced flavours. 

The ambience is relaxing and classy, though perhaps the view I had, into the kitchen, on my second visit, didn't fully take advantage of this!
This was an excellent restaurant. The hubs and I had a great meal here. Everything we tried was fantastic, portions were a good size and there was a great selection. Usually one or two things draw the eye but on this menu, everything sounded really good. I ate here back in February and I wish I could remember what I ate-I think it was a blue cheese and tomato tart..it was so good. Would definitely return if we are ever back in Edinburgh.
I happened to convince my travel companion to come for one (relatively expensive) meal at a vegetarian restaurant during my trip around Scotland.

Overall, my experience at David Bann was fantastic and, if my schedule allowed for it, I would have eaten there every day during my visit. The atmosphere is more on the intimate/romantic side but I'd happily eat there with family and friends too. 

When our food came, the dishes had nice flavours and were well prepared, covering a number of different types of cuisine, including classic English, Thai and Indian. There were a few really nice touches on the menu, and the broad choice made it hard to make a selection, as it all sounded good. The pasta main I had (tofu and spaghetti in a tomato sauce; see photo) was very good. 

The servers were very pleasant, knowledgeable and more than willing to answer any questions. 

Though it's not a 'cheap' meal, it's well worth the money!
This is my favourite restaurant in the whole world. The dishes are amazing and delicious! I really hope that David will come out with a cookbook so that I can make them at home as I don't live here!
This became my favorite restaurant in Edinburgh on my very first visit. Everything I've tried here has been delicious. I love creative vegetarian cuisine, and David Bann does it right. I hear the menu changes seasonally, and I can't wait to give it a try in spring, summer, and fall. As for winter, my favorite dishes have been the jeruselem artichoke and celeriac puff pastry and the beetroot, apple and blue cheese pudding. 

The atmosphere is relaxed but elegant, and the service has always been friendly.
Went to this vegetarian restaurant with a group. Friendly staff and good interior. The menu was a good variety of choices and a good wine list with a multiple per glass options. Restaurant was full when we left which is always a good sign.
Good thing I booked a table for a group of 10 yelpers. Leaving David Bann this evening, I noticed that the place was jam packed, and on a Tuesday night! Surely this is a good sign? Unlike many other establishments in Edinburgh, there isn't much of a quirky atmosphere/theme going on... It's quite polished and clear cut.

Being vegetarian, and having been recently diagnosed with coeliacs,  I have been having quite a bit of trouble finding restaurants which cater for me, and don't let me feel like I am missing out. The staff here have reserved a few menus where they point out which items are gluten free, onion free, and garlic free. 

I was surprised to see quite a few options available from me, even from the pudding menu! The chocolate souffle and whiskey pannacotta stood out in particular.I was debating whether to get a starter and a pudding, or just a maincourse, though in the end settled for the latter. Tanja J's ravioli in a tomato and basil soup looked amazing, though the thai broccoli and tofu fritters which most people on the table looked a little dry? They were also quite small portions, so perhaps not suitable as full meals, unlike Tanja's ravioli. I personally was tempted by the polenta topped with courgettes, sweet potato and goats cheese. To keep us occupied whilst waiting to order, the waitress brought us gluten free oatcakes (I could eat these!), and homemade bread. Though very Scottish, it would perhaps be nice if they could offer gluten free bread, be it homemade, or simply toasted genius bread. The staff were very attentive, bringing us refills of the jug of tap water regularly, which had mint inside, a nice touch.

In the end, I went for the 'spicy' aubergine kofta, as I thought it was something I would be less able to make at home. It arrived served with a neat little pile of coriander rice, a side salad topped with a raita dressing, and some mango chutney. It was a nice dish, though I wouldn't say authentic Indian cuisine. Koftas usually come in a much thicker sauce, though here the koftas only have a light drizzling of sauce. I'm not against fusion food, and I realize this was a Scottish take on the dish, but the lack of sauce made them a little dry, and as others said, they weren't too spicy. I am being quite critical, as this was quite an expensive meal (£11.90) considering the ingredients involved. If priced at around £6, this could be an excellent meal. I was pretty jealous looking at the dishes of those a  few heads down the table, who had ordered the mushroom bake with goats cheese and roasted winter vegetables. That looked truly divine, and well worth the price. I must admit I had high expectations for this place, as it has so many consistently positive reviews and has a good reputation amongst vegetarians in Edinburgh.

Overall it was a good restaurant, which caters well for dietary requirements, people seemed more or less happy with what they got, but I am not sure whether the prices reflect the food. £5.60 for a pannacotta? I realize David Bann has aspirations to be a michelin star vegetarian chef of sorts, but what I had wasn't THAT good. I just can't work out why they don't offer any Lunch deals... I think there is just so much good food in Edinburgh, and I have been well and truly spoiled with amazing vegetarian food. Kalpna is less pretentious, more friendly, more affordable, and offers much tastier food.  As is orb cafe, a raw food restaurant... Though this may not be to everyone's taste, it definitely wins in terms of innovation.

I feel kind of wrong, giving this 3 stars, when it has such consistently high reviews, but I just couldn't justify giving it 4 when comparing it to other restaurants in town. Maybe had I tried something else, I would have had a better impression of the place?
I had very high hopes for David Bann after reading many glowing reviews on Yelp. Claims that you won't even notice the meat isn't there, that it's the best vegetarian food in the City, and that it's fine dining veggie-style.

The restaurant itself is very nice inside: a small entrance opens to a very big back room. It was full on a Tuesday night which was a promising sign. The waitresses were very friendly, and they also kindly supplied us with two menus that had all the gluten-free options marked.

The Aubergine and Chickpea koftas I ordered came with coriander rice, a coconut sauce and a pineapple chutney. Sounds delicious. Whilst I do eat meat, I love vegetarian food and try to eat a proper serving of 5 vegetables a day. So vegeterian food doesn't scare me, quite the opposite - and I was really looking forward to try the best vegetarian food Edinburgh has to offer.

The koftas arrived as 5 'falafel' sized balls on a plate, next to a neat dome of rice and one salad leaf with what appeared to be some cucumber and yellow pepper on it. There was some sauce drizzled on the koftas.

They turned out to be quite dry. And I used all the sauce to give them moisture by the 3rd kofta. None left for the 4th and 5th, and nothing to go with the very bland, underseasoned rice. Only when I had finished I commented the pineapple chutney was missing. To which a fellow diner replied it was on top of the salad. Oh, the yellow chunks that look like raw yellow pepper were pineapple, and in fact, a chutney? Hmm.

I have to say I was disappointed with this meal. It came to £11.50 for this course. Given that I can get a meat course for £12 in neighbouring Old Town restaurants to a much higher standard, this felt very steep indeed. I would go so far to say I've had better koftas bought from a supermarket. I'm not one to judge quickly or harshly, and I like to see the best in every situation - but this meal did not live up to the hype this restaurant has garnered over years of serving the vegetarian Edinburgh population.

Others seemed more satisfied with their meals. But it really felt like nothing extraordinary for me at all. 5 koftas, dry, on an plate with a little sauce and some bland rice, with one lettuce leaf and a disguised chutney that didn't even look or taste like chutney - it was really just pickled pineapple.

I have been told it can be better. But it really didn't impress me enough to try again, and I know I can get better vegetarian dishes in other restaurants in the city. A shame, really, and perhaps I ordered the dud-dish that night.

I can imagine it's still a lovely spot for graduation parties, birthdays, or a special somewhere to take a vegetarian loved-one. I do hope my meal was just a one-off experience.
Like Jenny, Elizabeth and Menno, we all headed here to try David Bann last night for a wee Yelper meal out. Most of us had heard great things about David Bann and were desperate to try it and although I've given it 4*, it is closer to a 3.5* but we can't do 1/2 stars.

So what I liked: 

I've been in a fair few vegetarian and vegan restaurants around the world whilst travelling and they all seem to have that hippy, patchouli oil feel to them so it was nice to come somewhere that was more upmarket - wooden floors, candles, lovely simple decor. 

There is a separate Gluten Free menu and there is plenty of choice. I was particularly impressed by the desserts. I didn't partake this time but there was plenty of temptation beyond ice-cream or sorbets so that would sway me to return. GF oatcakes as a starter is a nice touch - so many places offer gf options but no bread or oatcakes and tucking in and breaking bread is such a ritual when eating out, so its nice not being the odd one out.

Menu's sounded tempting and I did struggle to decide between a few options (again - choice is good) and as it has been a hellish month at work, then the large glass of red tempranillo I ordered was delish - lovely, warming and smooth.

I probably opted for the wrong starter. I had the Thai Fritters which were ok but I didn't like the banana relish which came with it and it meant they were too similar to my main which was the aubergine and chickpea koftas. The koftas were nice and tasty enough but I did notice varying amounts of sauce on everyone's plate (mines was limited) so I ate them with raita mostly. I just noticed that Jenny has called this coconut sauce and it was meant to be this, but I am certain it was raita on my plate and I liked this. I would have liked the pineapple chutney to have been separated from the raita (raita dumped on top) so I could get all the different flavours. I was ok with the rice compared to Jenny L but I do like rice plain and I'm not a huge coriander fan so I was glad this wasn't the overwhelming flavour.

Service was good - staff appeared well organised (little grid used when taking orders so they knew what food went where).

So what I didn't like:

David Bann has a high end reputation. I was thinking Mark Greenaway but pure veggies. This is not the case. This was disappointing.

It is expensive for what you get - my food was ok but I wasn't wowed. If I describe things as nice then its ok, not mind blowing and nice doesn't justify this price tag. 

A few pounds cheaper and it might be ok but it may be a case of paying for the old town location.

I actually thought the presentation was quite basic so although the restaurant was visually appealing, the food wasn't as much. Also the one dish that did look appealing was the mushroom loaf Menno had and that was the one dish that did look like a meaty Sunday roast (with lots of sauce!)...

I have a friend who is vegetarian who does come here, so I would maybe go again, if only to ditch the starters and try the desserts. I'm sure he'd for once like a menu on one of our nights out where he can chose anything from it, not be restricted to one or two items. But for vegetarian newbies to Edinburgh, I don't think I'd be saying 'OMG you MUST go to David Bann...'
Well. I never thought I'd see the day I'd give a vegetarian restaurant 4 whole stars!   Seriously though, I was a bit skeptical of whether I'd enjoy our group meal at a veggie place but I couldn't fault it. 

For starters I was torn between the ravioli and the walnut gnocchi salad but in the end I opted for the latter. It was delish! Not the type of gnocchi I was expecting, they were fried rather than boiled, but v tasty nevertheless. They were served on a bed of baby leaves and beetroot which had some kind of sweet and salty glaze to them. Drool... The smoked cheese cubes sprinkled over the top gave the dish another dimension. Different textures and different taste sensations. Can't believe I'm waxing lyrical over a salad!!! 

For main I opted for the chickpea koftas which was served with coriander rice, a curry sauce and a cucumber and raita salad. I ate every bit! The koftas were soft with a nutty type texture. The sauce not overpowering but really complimented the dish well. Not a scrap was left on my plate! 

I did fully intend to have a dessert but between the fennel seed roll at the beginning and the 2 courses I honestly couldn't have managed a dessert (well actually I could have probably squeezed one in but I didn't want my fellow yelpers thinking I'm a greedy cow!). 

The service was great, the waitress really attentive and friendly and she didn't seem irritated by the fact a few of us has to pay separately as we were leaving earlier. The wine menu was pretty extensive and I opted for a cheeky glass of Spanish Tempranillo which was served at the perfect temperature. Mint and citrus water for the table and boom! An excellent experience through and through!

Would I go back? Actually, yes! Although the lure of meat from other nice restaurants might prove too much for me. I just wish i had a token vegetarian friend to give me the excuse to go back! Unfortunately all mine are die hard carnivores :(
I decided to go to David Bann on a Tuesday night for my first dinner out with a group of Yelpers after seeing some great reviews and comments on Yelp about how much people were looking forward to going.  I took a look at the menu online and was attracted by the desserts in particular.  They also have a photo gallery with pics of some of the dishes and these looked amazing!  I did think it was a little on the pricey side, but if it was superior quality then it could be worth it, so I had high expectations.

As I definitely wanted a dessert, I decided I would just have a starter and no main.  I was also trying not to spend too much.  I was disappointed with my Thai fritters of smoked tofu and broccoli with peas, fresh ginger, green chilli, lime leaf, lemongrass, sesame and coriander, served with fresh banana chutney and plum dressing.  Firstly I was expecting fritters would be flat...well, fritters!  Not round balls like they were. I certainly couldn't detect the lime leaf, lemongrass, ginger or coriander which are flavours that I really like.  Along with the other ingredients, these were overpowered by the smokiness of the tofu, although to be fair, I'm not a fan of anything smoked.  The was a hint of heat from the herbs and spices, but again I couldn't pick the flavours.  The dressings were nice, although the banana chutney was rather sweet and I would never have guessed it was banana.

After waiting for others to finish their mains, it was finally dessert time :).  I know some of the others had been eyeing up dessert also, so I didn't think I was going to be alone. However, as I turned out to be the only one wanting to order and some others were already about to leave, I didn't want to make anyone else wait for me.  so I left unsatisfied and wish I had just gone ahead with the dessert now as don't think it would have taken me too long to devour!

It was only when we left that I realised how busy the restaurant had become - almost full on a Tuesday night.

I wouldn't choose to go back for a main meal, but shall have to go back for dessert I think - Homemade ginger and lime ice cream served in a chocolate ganache bowl on orange drizzle cake anyone?
Eating with a vegetarian daughter is remarkably easy in Scotland.  Every restaurant we looked at had clearly marked vegetarian and vegan options, and all servers were knowledgeable about the provenance of the stock that made the soup and happy to accommodate us.  And that is apart from the plentiful Indian restaurants which have extensive vegetarian options.  So, exclusively vegetarian restaurants are not as important in Edinburgh as they might be elsewhere.  David Bann's menu is interesting and eclectic, and the food was pretty good, but I wasn't bowled over by my risotto or goat cheese and tomato tart.  My husband's mushroom strudel was better.
I am very sad to write this review, honestly I am.  I've been looking forward to trying David Bann for months, especially after several Yelpers raved about it.  I'm a big meat eater but love a veggie option time and again and an entire restaurant dedicated to vegetarian cuisine- sounds good to me!  But man oh man, David Bann really let me down.

My office made a lunch reservation for 5 people and I was so excited to come and try out the food that everyone has been raving about.  First off, the waitress took us to a table for four, despite the reservation being for five. Then we sat and waited for fifteen minutes for a drink order.  My boss finally had to get up and ask if we could order.  Then she had to get up again and ask for a refill.  We didn't get to order any food until twenty minutes in, and then we waited 35 minutes for the food to come out!  If the place were busy I would understand, but there was only two other tables in.  When we finally asked about the food we were told that two of the dishes took a long time to prepare, but no one informed us of this when we ordered- we're in for lunch, we don't have the time to wait 35 minutes for food after waiting twenty to order a pitcher of water!  The food came out and I had serious order envy.  My colleague had a beetroot and blue cheese something that looked and tasted amazing.  My veggies and noodles were... underwhelming.  They lacked flavour and honestly I could have made it myself. But with only five main dishes on the menu I felt like i had very little options.  

Basically the lunch was unpleasant.  My boss ended up having to get up five times to ask for things: refills, food, the bill.  And at 13 pounds for my dish I was very disappointed.  I've had better dishes at takeaways for so much cheaper.  And the service: I haven't had service that bad at a restaurant in a LONG time.  It was so bad I actually wrote in to the restaurant to complain, and I NEVER do that.  Seriously, NEVER.  I work in the industry and have a lot of patience, but our entire experience was ridiculous.  I've been looking forward to David Bunn for so long, but I won't be back.  Like I said, I've had so much better food at dozens of other places for much, much cheaper.
Heerlijk gegeten! Na het eten van alleen een hoofdgerecht zat ik al vol! Ik had een risoto met peper, champignons en salade bovenop. Vooral de salade in combinatie met de risotto smaakte top. Er zijn speciale menukaarten waarop aangegeven is welke gerechten er gluten en melkerij zijn en welke veganistisch! 

De prijzen vielen mij mee, voor een fles water en twee hoofdgerechten plus fooi waren we maar £25,- kwijt.

Het enige wat beter kan is het ontvangst, een vrij chagrijnige dame die totaal niet opkeek stat er bij de bar. De bediening was super aardig(echt aardig) en behulpzaam.

Ik voelde me wel een beetje underdressed, omdat ik in mijn zomer/reiskleding zat en bijna iedereen was netjes gekleed met lakschoenen aan tafel.
Went here for dinner with a few friends and I must admit I was not totally Au fait with giving it four stars. It's more like a 3.5 for me than a 4. 

The menu is good and the place was packed on a Monday night. It is obviously popular and probably not reliant on my review for success ;-))


The choices are better than you expect in a vegetarian place and the food is served beautifully and looks good. My starter was served beautifully but it lacked flavour for what was a thai inspired starter. My main course tasted delicious but it felt like there were three different meals on one plate as none of it went together but individually tasted excellent. In general the food lacked a bit of seasoning. 

The wine list is nice and reasonable and the service is also good. It is a cut above many places that serves vegetarian food but for the prices you pay I expect more. 

I would come back here however won't hurry back.
The food here is quite good. The staff are very good and professional. The setting is intimate, relaxed and also modern. A wonderful place to go for a coffee and something, lunch or dinner. It has a real warm atmosphere about it. They offer interesting menus, and even non-vegetarians could really enjoy it. The problem I have is that they do not vary their menu often enough. I think it has been the same for over a year now. It would be nice to add new things at least as specials, or re-do the menu for the seasons, or at least annually. I always hope for different choices when I go, and am slightly disappointed with this one aspect.
I have to say the 1 star is for decor!. I am sorry to say we were looking forward to this dinner, booking a month in advance from San Francisco. We found the service confusing and off. Our first course came 10 minutes before the starting cocktail! This made us think twice about ordering a bottle of wine...thinking we were going to have a great culinary experience. Didn't happen. After 5 bites into the entree I was looking for the check and wanting to find food else ware. I hate giving bad reviews. Maybe it was an off night.
Fantastic. Like so many reviewers, We're used to getting one or two veg options at a restaurant of this caliber. The variety was just great! Service is helpful while not intrusive. Apps are stunning... Onion tart and smoked mushroom ravioli stood out. Entrées of mushroom strudel, lentil pancake, and adzuki bean & cashew pie also impressed.  Price was appropriate to value. Hope to be back soon!
My Edinburgh-based brother brought me here on my first trip to Scotland.  We showed up relatively late in the evening, after my day spent on two flights, a long walk through Heathrow with a heavy pack, a (short) train trip, and hauling my heavy pack up the stairs from the train station.  I was exhausted and hungry, and showed up at the Forest to hear bloopy trance music and wildlife documentaries projected on the walls.  I wasn't sure if it was a hallucination or if I was safe, but I decided to eat anyway.  I recall eating a lot of avocado on a black bean burger and feeling satisfied.  

I went back on my second trip to Edinburgh and it was super chaotic and took some battles to get food & drink, but it was still satisfying and comfortable and there were pleasant & happy people around, plus good art & good music & warm drinks.  

If I spent more time here it would probably drive me crazy, but for occasional visits, it's dreamy.
Finally an alternative scene to chill out in Edinburgh. Come here to chill socialise watch local artists exhibit there latest work,discover new emerging bands, new wave thinking and basically a place to chill, away from the mainstream Starbucks and Costas.

 The whole place is run on volunteering and the people who work here are very friendly and down-to-earth so long as you are nice as well(and clean up after yourself when you are done!). There is a selection of vegan food.(not great food- it can vary a lot). 
As for the clientele- from students, to artists and basically open minded people,I have met some lovely people here and some not so lovely people. (at times I can find people who think of themselves as too cool and alternative VERY annoying) but it definitely is the place strike up a conversation with a stranger!

Apart from a cafe, this place functions for a whole load of other stuff, including yoga and self defence classes, drumming sessions, Italian lessons. Quite often there is movie screenings and live music, although because of the position of the stage and I suppose the way the sound bounces off the high ceilings, its not a very good music venue. Love coming here with a book on an afternoon off and there's wifi available as well!
This place is a breath of fresh air from all the samey and wannabe-upmarket coffee places around Edinburgh, but I couldn't come here too often.

The place is all run on a voluntary basis, and so it's never going to be the most pristine or modern place you'll ever go for coffee with friends. Some people love that aspect of its rustic appeal, whereas others find it scummy - it just depends on who you are and what you like.

Take note though, you clear up after yourself when you're done. Again, some people would argue that if they wanted to do that they could have stayed at home for coffee, but it is only fair given that the staff aren't getting paid.

They put live music gigs on here sometimes too, usually up-and-coming student bands, which are very hit and miss... definitely ask around before you decide to potentially write off an evening!

My only word of warning... avoid this place at the beginning of the academic year, until about the end of october. It's full of rah students trying to become 'new wave' and alternative, i.e. a complete personality transplant in the space of a week; it's the first stage of the process before they start taking over Cab Vol on tuesdays. If you don't believe me about how annoying they are, go and see for yourself...
Is it just me or do other people not 'get' this place?

Yes, its "alternative" and "artsy" and various other pretensious words - but once you get down to it, frankly its just a bit of a crap cafe thats run by volunteers. Dont get me wrong, I like the idea of a volunteer ran cafe - but this really isnt how I would have imagained it if I am honest.

More over, the type of people who come here are the 'Yah's' from Pollock halls who think they have to "escape daddy's money" - but really if he cut them off they would fail miserably. Grrrr. 

I'm really not a fan of this place - its a good idea, but in practice its a bit rubbish.
Like a modern pop song the Forest Cafe will initially suck you in and smother you in its catchy and enticing charm, but then eventually the novelty wears off and your left with an annoying and lifeless composition.

True, the cafe has its unique features: a wholly volunteer run cafe with a trippy, psychedelic interior. On the other hand you'll witness way too many 'too cool for school types' here and the coffee is plain naff.

Still, enjoy the novelty phase though.
I felt like I was back home in San Francisco when I enterered this cafe.  It's so hippy and relaxed and open that I almost felt like a yuppy.

I ordered the special, which was Peanut and vegetable curry over basmati rice and it was really good, which was surprising because I don't know if the volunteers are trained chefs.  But I'll love any vegan food as long as I didn't cook it.

Unfortunately, my husband and cousin didn't enjoy their meals (falafel, and burritio), but I think they were just being picky.
I've been to Forest Cafe a few times and each time my opinion improves a little.  The first time it was some charity gig thingy which was actually pretty boring and disorganised.  It was BYOB though which made it cheap and gave it a relaxed atmosphere.  When we were paying to get in, however, the guy said to me 'have fun, but no violence'?! Just me, noone else! Remember, these are the guys who complain about being 'stereotyped' by everyone for their dreadlocks and poor hygeine.  They're not so far out after all.  
As a cafe its actually less than average and doesn't give you anything you couldn't get elsewhere.  I think there is only one toilet for both sexes which leads to obvious difficulties when it's busy.  Fair enough it's run on a voluntary basis, but so what? It's still rubbish.
Forest Cafe is a brilliantly chilled out, veggie oasis of peace to all of mankind vibes in the Old Town. If you're always very conscious, or bothered, about walking into certain bars and feeling people's eyes boring through you, or silently analysing your outfit, and basically making you feel unwelcome, this would be a great place to investigate, as it has exactly the opposite aura (thought I would use a word that ties in with the spiritual healing, environmental, herbal theme of this review and of the cafe).

The cafe is meant to be, or at least I think it is, a chilled out venue for artistic expression, discussion, and very mellow hanging out activities, with environmentally friendly ethics to boot. Well that's how I perceive its credentials anyway. It's certainly a really relaxed place to go for a tea or something stronger, or anything of the vegetarian variety. The cafe is volunteer run, and offers up event space for arts and musical performances. There's always a good mix of interesting events on here, from poetry readings to gigs and workshops, so it's definitely worth coming along if you're in need of inspiration for life in general, or if you want to steal ideas for that book you want to write...I mean share ideas, sorry.
I'd heard a lot about the Forest Cafe, which is a strictly vegetarian cafe situated right next to George Square!

The staff are mainly volunteers and a friend of mine had been saintly enough to work a few shifts. When I heard they had a Swedish dessert as well as a Nigerian stew on the menu, I felt this place was beckoning me (I'm a citizen of both countries!). Sadly, both delicacies were off the menu by the time I got there, but I was still quite impressed.

The menu is quite impressive with a variety of sandwiches and salads, and as all the food is made by partially untrained volunteers, the presentation is quite rustic (real Food Channel lingo here!).. I had a falafel burger, which tasted alrightttt, but for the menu, which is a bit.. well leafey, and pricey for my taste, I'd say it's the atmosphere of the Forest Cafe that's really special. 

After a few minutes in here, you forget about the sun was shining outside a few minutes ago; it's definitely got a grungy (but clean!) to it. If I were allowed to bring my own food and hang out in here all day, I'd probably be there more often than I am.
When I come here and see the beards and sandals, the Pink Floyd rejects, the air of stuck up elitism cunningly disguised as a liberal free-love ethos, and the piles of flyers which almost always relate to the preservation of some shitty forest, I can think only one thing.

Have a steak, rare, and get over yourselves.
I realise that the Forest Cafe has been reviewed to death. It's the kind of place that gets reviewed to death. I'm not going talk about my experience in the place, or with the place. As far as I'm concerned, you get from the Forest as much as you put into it. 

But here are some key facts about the Forest that reviews haven't incorporated. Things that make it kind of fantastic. The Forest Cafe isn't just a cafe. Here's what else you can get from it:

Snip & Sip
The Massage Corner
Old Hat Books: and old hats and books library
The Forest Free Shop (now monthly)
Forest Records: and a recording studio
Forest Publications
Total Kunst: the Forest's art gallery
EVS (European Volunteer Service)
A Darkroom, where you can develop your pictures for way cheaper than in any other lab in Edinburgh
Biz'Art
Free: gigs, film-screenings, workshops, events.
The Golden Hour

...and more than I can't quite remember at the moment.

I do love the Forest, though I understand people's aversion to it. But, all I'm trying to put out there is that it's way more than just a cafe. You just have to take the risk to figure that one out.
The Forrest Cafe is unique. Situated (surprisingly) off Forrest Road, on Bristo Place (Bristo Cafe wouldn't have the same ring to it) it is entirely unlike any other business near-by. Expect dread-locks, harem pants and artists; the forest cafe is part cafe, part art exhibit and part meeting point for hippies. 

Immediately inside the door is a small gallery, in which anyone can arrange to demonstrate their work. Past the exhibit is the main room- covered in graffiti, painting and miss-matched furniture- where food and drinks are served. The food is cheap and reasonably tasty, though not exceptional. My nachos were pretty good, costing £3. Although non-alcoholic drinks are served, you may also bring your own booze, making the Forest Cafe a cheap option for a night out. The staff are friendly, in fact most are volunteers who choose to work to earn their keep in the rooms above.

At night bands play on a stage in the main room and the place livens up. Worth a visit if only to see some of the weird and wonderful clientele, don't feel intimidated by the piercings; grab a bongo and get involved!
Okay so the Forest Cafe is another place that has been reviewed a million times, but I feel I might still be able to offer some kind of valuable opinion.

First off any faults I have with the Forest Cafe are nothing to do with it being vegetarian or vegan cafe. Again I feel like so many of the complaints about vegetarian places seem to confuse the fact that a place can be crap, like crap service and or crap cleanliness or crap food, regardless of it being vegetarian. In fact if the Forest Cafe did serve animal then its faults would be worse, for reasons we will come to. But for whats it's worth I don't agree with the fundamentalist view that  has been aired that animals were "put on Earth" to be eaten by humans (and I think most scientists would agree). I appreciate it's vegetarian/vegan stance, if nothing else its one more place vegetarians can go without having to worry about what's in their food. And as I have alluded to in other reviews, I'm sure meat eaters can still appreciate the occasional meat free dish in principal. Thus I don't find the fact that the Forest is vegetarian/vegan in itself to be a valid criticism (and suggesting vegetarianism is synonymous with hippyism is also ridiculous).

ANYWAY if you hadn't guessed from my ramblings already the Forest is a vegetarian cafe, as well as a meeting spot and venue. It's also volunteer run. As others have mentioned there is a sort of  "hippy", New Age aesthetic, although both those words are pretty meaningless.

So what are my problems with the Forest? My first is hygiene. Whilst the food can be just fine, and it's cheap too, the number of times I have been served dishes that have been lying out for too long, or the tables haven't been wiped in a long while. Can you see my point about meat now? The toilets have also been less than appealing on certain occasions in the past.

These are the sorts of things that bother me. I love that the Forest is volunteer run, I love that it's very liberal and relaxed about most, but those things need not be synonymous with disorganisation and uncleanliness. If anything that just furthers a stereotype that pervades some of these other reviews. My only other complaint is that whilst the Forest can be, as I have mentioned, a wonderfully open and easy going place where anyone can voice their opinion, it can contradictorily be a bit cliquey. I have found that some nights, during discussions and meetings, there are certain well known individuals who drown out and mock dissenting voices. It is the New Age eco dogmatic view in particular which seems to prevail without as much criticism as its deserves. Having said this, the Forest remains largely unhierarchal. And at how many other cafes can you even attend meeting and voice such opinions on how they are run in the first place?

The one thing I love and respect about the Forest is that you can go in and spend as much time as you like in there without buying a thing. How many places let you do that? I was recently thrown out of a pub after fifteen minutes of not buying anything while I was waiting for someone, and I was one of only three people in there! I like the Forest's stance on just being a place to "hang" if you so choose.

So whilst the Forest has so many great things going for it, there is room for improvement. Those anarchists and communitarians that use the Forest as a meeting place, should especially mind their own proclamations of unhierarchal social organisation, and its compatibility with order and effectiveness. The Forest needs to be a little more ordered and effective!
I suppose its appropriate that the reviews of the Forest are often political and people focused. Though some of them are rather childish and just plain abusive.

The Forest plays host to a whole range of artistic and community enterprises, installations, massages, hair cuts. It has become particularly famous for the Forest Fringe an important free section of the many festivals that occur in August.

It is also a venue that is likely to be lost soon, so some of the more antagonistic reviewers will have to sniff out hippies elsewhere to pour scorn on.
A brilliant place with an amazing new location.  Come find the new and improved Forest Cafe at the tollcross intersection on Lauriston.  They're fixin' it up and it's looking great!
Staff were friendly enough when, after a few minutes, I decided to break the ice at the counter by asking for a couple of coffees. The coffee was ok, but thinking instant. Apologies if wrong.

I like the idea of a place like this being run by volunteers and am happy to make allowances that the skills required of paid employees may be less evident.  However, I'm more of a WRVS type, where nothing seems to be a bother or too much hassle for staff. 

With so much competition around I don't think Forest Cafe is going to entice customers away the mainstream market on its ethical aspirations alone but wish it luck in its endeavours.
As someone visiting from far away, the Baked Potato Shop is a MUST when I am in Edinburgh.  Lots of personality, HUGE potatoes, and lots and lots and lots of great toppings.  They are also vegetarian and vegan conscious, for you folks out there.

We were lucky enough to stumble across this place our first time in town, and it's now a tradition.  Try the mushroom & sour cream topping, or the veggie chili.
Dining in Edinburgh (and on the Royal Mile in particular) can be a harrowing experience during the Festival. Between the crowds in the streets and the crowds in the restaurants, even the best laid dining plans can fall apart in a hurry. 

Thank God for the Baked Potato Shop.

Conveniently located just off the Royal Mile, the Baked Potato Shop exists to serve starving patrons who have had their fill of experimental theater and street performery and need full stomachs to match. As you might guess from a place called the Baked Potato shop, you shouldn't expect too many fancy culinary surprises here. For that matter, you won't even really find much in the way of seating. What you will find are some unfrigginbelievable baked potatoes with all kinds of delicious toppings, on the cheap and served up quickly.

Truth in advertising never tasted better.
This is one of those of times where something is obvious, brilliant, and novel all at the same time. When it makes so much sense, so clearly meant to be, that you can't believe it's somehow happening to you for the first time. Where are all the baked potato shoppes of the world, with their steaming jackets of soft, buttery, salt-studded potato filled with the sumptuousness fillings of your choice-- creamy mushrooms?? Egg salad?? Curried tuna?? 

Gooey melting cheddar and sour cream is what I ended up with, but I could have gone back every day to sample all of their comfort food offerings. Except maybe the vegetarian haggis---I don't need to try that one ; )

The medium potato was SO big and SO filling, I'd like to see Michael Phelps finish one on his own! And yet as my body started to feel like it was morphing into an actual stuffed potato , I couldn't stop forking more of that salty, gooey yumminess into my mouth. The skin! the melted cheese! The love of pure, unadulterated carbohydrates! And for three pounds. 

Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes. 

Such a simple, sustainable food that has been the poor man's supper for thousands of years still brings so much comfort and pleasure, that  it makes you stop and ponder all those expensive nights out at posh, elitist fusion restaurants. 

Long live the potato shop! Please expand to the United States!
Q: "What do you say  to an angry 300 lb potato?"
A: "Nothing.  You just butter him up."

300 pounds of baked potato would provide days of culinary heaven.  Second best?  A dolled up potato from the Baked Potato Shop. 

Simple.  Vegetarian. Varied.  Savory.  Filling.  Perfect.
'Aaah, so this is the Baked Potato Shop that is so highly recommended on Yelp', I found myself wondering as I turned onto Cockburn street and entered the shop.

Firstly, the smell of the shop is worth one star alone - the delicious smell of baking potatoes is simply mouthwatering, and thats just a prelude to how the potatoes taste.Soft, crispy skinned and delicious. Lots of toppings/fillings to choose from  - certainly some odd ones, but generally all amazing. 

Prices are decent for Cockburn Street, and staff are great. Gets a little busy, but with a smell like that drawing people in, its understandable.
As good a The Baked Potato Shop looks and smells, it is only a place I visit very occasionally on my lunchtime travels, for a couple pf simple reasons.

1. Nowhere to sit.

2. It's vegan.

The first on proves a problem as it means that if I choose to eat here, I probably have to drag myself back to my work to sit and eat it, when one of the main joys of lunchtime is getting out of the place for an hour. On the subject of number two, vegans irritate me, so I'd rather not give them my money.

Despite the lack of freshly slaughtered animals on the premise, the taters do taste great, so it's still worth four stars.
Located at the top of Cockburn Street there are no prizes for guessing what kind of food you can get in The Baked Potato Shop, I love baked potatoes and have been known to pop in here from time to time to get one of their delicious taters with a great range of vegetarian fillings. I can rarely walk by without popping in as the smell is amazing.

I guess the only downside is the fact that there's no seating area, but if it's a nice day there's nothing better than getting a piping hot buttered tater and finding a seat along the Royal Mile to sit down, eat and watch the world go by.
This review will be small, much like the Baked Potato Shop.

Though small in size, this predominantly take-away restaurant offers a fast and healthy alternative to fish & chips, doner/kebab or deep-fried anything. Not only is a baked potato incredibly nutritious and good for you (don't forget to eat the skin, people!!) the BPS offers a range of scrumptious vegetarian toppings of all sorts to don your tattie. Avocado, red pepper and cheese; cous cous, beans and peppers; curry rice; hummus; pineapple; coleslaw... the list goes on!

With small, medium and large potatoes to choose from, they make a tasty treat for yourself or to share. Though there is very, very limited seating in the place (a small square table with a bench) I've always managed to snag a spot and have actually met some pretty interesting people and had some great conversations over our baked potatoes. A  British/Korean couple from Australia, a homeless lady, and a mother, son and daughter from Spain who I gave bar recommendations to. I suppose it's those experiences which have contributed to my likeness for the Baked Potato Shop.

If the cramped quarters don't suit you, then get your potato for take away and go for a stroll along the Royal Mile, or head down Cockburn St. to Princes St. Gardens, grab a bench, and watch all the gothy-punk teenagers flirt with each other.

The staff are a bit hippy-ish but are friendly and helpful (ask for a sample if you're curious about a certain topping!) and always play obscure music. The BPS also offers veggie/vegan samosas and haggis (be aware those with nut allergies), and a few vegan dessert treats as well. There's a fridge stocked with all sorts of pop and sparkling juice too. 

Overall, the Baked Potato Shop offers a tasty and enjoyable potato eating experience!
The smell wafting out if here is just to die for.  Seriously, you will know what I mean when you sniff it. You wouldn't think you'd recognize the smell of potatoes right?
Inside isn't really much. it's nothing special, but what is special is the potatoes. Gooey, fluffy amazing-ness. Mouth wateringly good. I've been here a few times and sometimes the skin is a bit tough for my liking, but the potato itself is amazing!
they have your standard fillings, mu personal favourite is good ole tuna. It's definitely worth a trip at least once
A popular one with the tourists (as the rave reviews suggest), I guess the Baked Potato Shop is seen as somewhat of a novelty to people visiting Edinburgh for the first time.

It serves up fresh and hearty baked potatoes (no, really?) for a reasonable enough price - although it has the traditional, additional Cockburn St tax. So if you're stopping by for a bit of a stodgy meal, be prepared to empty your wallet of an extra couple of pounds!

Saying that, the portions are generous and well made so you don't begrudge paying the extra money. Cockburn St is a nice location to grab some food, and if it's a nice day you can always sit out on the Royal Mile to savour the fresh air as well as lunch.

It's always packed and it's vegetarian friendly. There are a ton of other pubs and diners in the area which serve up similar potato options, but the homely exterior, great cooking and good service of the Baked Potato Shop keeps the customers coming through the door in their flocks.
I haven't been to this place in years, but the two or three times I visited Edinburgh, I made a beeline for the Baked Potato Shop. It's cheap, you get a lot of food--the potatoes are as big as your head--and it's very filling and satisfying. Ideal cold-weather food. 

Baked Potato Shop is also very vegetarian and vegan-friendly, like a lot of places in Scotland. And how else can a vegetarian try haggis? They have a veggie haggis potato topping! Now I want to go back, although I'm good on the veg haggis.
Hottest Tattie in Town?

If the queues outside the Baked Potato Shop are anything to go by, I don't think I'm the only one that agrees with the shop's sign. The secret of their success is generously portioned potatoes that are crispy on the outside and gorgeously warm and mushy inside. The toppings are pretty impressive too with a staggering range of veggie and vegan options from humous, peppers and avacado to veggie chilli, veggie curry, beans and cheese, coleslaw and cheese, tuna and sour cream.

The only thing they could do to improve things is stay open later and introduce a seating area upstairs or outside. As it is, it's a case of finding a dry, clean bench or step somewhere nearby.
This place is a must!!! If you are visiting Edinburgh this place is an absolute must!!! Ill never look at a baked potato the same way! I ordered a medium and I couldnt even finish that one!! My toppings were: lots of cheese and avaocados!!! oh my I think this place has changed me!! have fun with your potato!! The lines out the door but its worth the wait!!
I only discovered this place thanks to Yelp and man, am I glad to have discovered it!  It's a takeaway (there is one table for four in the front but good luck getting it) so we had to eat our baked potato goodness on the pavement out front, leaning on the shop's windowsill.  It was a bit intimidating/confusing upon entering and when I asked what a cheese and bean was I got a bit of attitude (perhaps deservedly?) and also when I asked what a small was, but the potato made everything okay and I'll go back often.

A small is two small-sized baked potatoes and a medium is three midsized baked potatoes.  We each had the cheese and veggie chili and both of us thought it was amazing, with lots of chunks of veg.  The two orders were less than £8 (no drinks).  This place was heaven on a cold day and made our insides nice and warm.  A great alternative to soup or chili by itself.
I LOVE their desserts.

They have the caramel shortbread.  I'm american, and to me.. it tasted like Reeses Pieces, less crumbly, more caramely, slightly less sweet.
And the guy recommended their Tiffin, which he described as "Christmas pudding- almost."  And I tried Xmas pudding awhile back.. it's good, like fruitcake soaked in rum.

I came back and bought a kilo of this stuff to take home.  It's that yummy.
Thought I'd left my baked tattie days behind me once I graduated but this is a great place if you can eat on the hoof or find a place to sit. How anyone can get through the largest size is beyond me but the medium did me just fine. If you're fed up with a 'baked potato' straight from a microwave then reacquaint yourself with how they should be here.
The Baked Potato Shop really does have the best baked potatoes ever.  No joke, ever.  It was an amazing find when I was a student because I could make two meals out of the BP, easy.  They're huge!  (admittedly, I eat a lot more now, so it's just one meal for me these days)

As far as I am aware they only have veggie toppings.  I'm a meat eater but have no problem with veggie food and when it comes to a BP even prefer the veggie stuff.  

Every time I eat here I choose the three bean topping with cheese.  The beans are cold, unfortunately, which means that the cheese doesn't melt, but it doesn't even matter; the taste is phemonenal.  

My only gripe is that they have space for about two people to sit in which means that every time I've been here I've had to find a place to sit and eat my meal somewhere around the Mile.  That is fine in nice weather, but we're in Scotland here, and nice weather doesn't come around that often.  

But, they work with what they have and do a fantastic job of it.  I'll definitely be coming here next time I have a few after work pints in that region, because I am craving a baked potato now.
So so so so delicious. I had a curried one with all sorts of veggies, which they recommended to me because I couldn't choose. Even the mushrooms (which I despise!) tasted delicious. And through a long, disgusting walk in the rain (what a surprise!) my potato was still warm to eat. If I'm ever back in Edinburgh (hopefully soon) I will be sure to stop in. Your wallet and stomach will be incredibly satisfied. 
Just as a note, this is take-out. There is one small table but your chances of getting it are tiny. Find yourself a warm spot (good luck) somewhere else to eat this deliciousness.
I actually did not get a baked potato--I got the samosa and a mango kiwi cake. The samosa was really good--perfectly cooked and full of flavor. However, the mango kiwi cake was quite different. The cake did not taste like anything nor did the frosting except where a piece of kiwi had been sitting on the frosting--It was very moist though!

Be warned, there is only one booth.
The vegetarian haggis samosa was extraordinary.
The avocado salad (avocado, tomato,+ cheese) baked potato was massive and amazing.
We had the beans and cheese potato and the chili potato.  Both were deeply satisfying, filling, and yummy.  Afterewards, I just wanted to take a nap.  I would like to try some of the other toppings there, too, such as the avocado salad and the soured cream.  Service was good, but it was very crowded, and the noise level from the radio made it hard to understand what was being said.  There's no room to eat in there, so we took our food, walked up the street a few yards and put it on one of those black boxes and ate.  There is a circus-like atmosphere during the Fringe Festival--a massive crush of people walking the narrow streets, loud talking and boisterous laughing, pretty girls walking by in soft wool sweaters, people singing the blues, bagpipes playing, a girl with a unicycle, men dressed as women---but none of that existed.  IT WAS JUST ME AND THE POTATO.  I was lost in my own world.  Transported.  I washed it all down with a extra-large IRN-BRU, a Scottish soda pop that tastes like a cross between an orange soda and a cream soda.  For afters we bought a slice of Tiffin cake and a slice of ginger-lemon cake.  The Tiffin is quite good--it has a chocolate topping with coconut   The ginger-lemon cake tasted suspiciously like a banana-date cake, like an old-fashioned tea loaf recipe that grandma used to make, so I think we got the wrong cake, but it was tasty.  We got all of this great food for around 12 pounds--a bargain.  I thoroughly enjoyed this meal, but I can't help but think that a wedding of soured cream and bacon would be the supreme match of flavors with a potato.  Sadly, this isn't likely to happen at a vegetarian establishment.  Give me a meat option and I'll give you 5 stars.  It's only a matter of time before they discover a method of inserting a Snicker's Bar in it and deep frying it.
great value, filling, perfect to warm you up on a chilly day.  a medium potato is enough for two meals.

staff incredibly nice.  good solid food with fresh ingredients.  

try the onion, pineapple and cheese filling.  sounds disgusting, but sweet and savory.  

the line can get stupid long during festival, but as long as the people ahead of you are ordering instead of performing or mugging, it moves fast.
Very tasty, BIIIIG potatoes. We went there because it seemed very busy, so we thought it must be good! The potatoes are very good - huuuge and with lots of interesting fillings. I had cheese and spinach, my partner had egg mayo and spinach.

Only problem is the staff are incredibly slow and (when we went any way) have incredibly LOUD music on, which was very annoying when combined with slow service.

Tasty tatos, though.
That. Won't. Fit.

My reaction when opening up my hot baked potato at home (it's only a small walk so it was pipin' hot too!)

What can I say that hasn't been said before? I got one with cheese, and if I have one comment it is this: that, my friend, is not a topping. That, is stuffing. I could swear I heard the potato squeel when the friendly boy was ramming the cheese into that poor potato.

Back at home the cheese had become all melty and gooy and my face was one big potato-y mess. But oh man ohmanohman, was I happy.

Joy.

Value for money? Absolutely. Foodcoma? Garantueed.
Yum!  The enticing aroma and cozy location will draw you into the Baked Potato Shop! The toppings are fun and they are no joke bout adding butter to each spud!!  I order the medium thinking it was a for a medium sized potato but i was served two medium sized spuds!  And with topping of cheese and pineapples pre-supper snack became dinner.  It was good though, very tasty and delish!!
Wandered in here randomly when we were hungry and tired of spending too much eating out while toursiting in Edinburgh. The potatoes and toppings were delicious and the value for your money was ridiculous. They offer small, medium and large which are not just different size of potatoes, but actually whether you get 1, 2 or 3 whole potatoes. The toppings varied from cheese to curried corn to almost anything in between. We also walked out with two mediums (i.e., 4 potatoes) for less than 5 pounds. It's really hard to argue with that.
As another Yelper said, you don't get a topping, you get a filling. I got a small with cheddar and sweetcorn, and was overwhelmed (in a good way) with just how much they stuff that sucker with. (Good combo too, incidentally... love the sharpness of the cheddar combined with the sweetness of the corn and fluffiness/crispyness of the potato). This was meant to be a snack, but easily turned into an actual meal, all for under 4 quid. Very happy with the shop, a great place for anyone on a budget.
great place in the town center clockwork concept, potato with filling, really like the place, very friendly and cheerful staff.

Prices are resonably.

place for four people to sit in the place
OK, so I went to the Baked Potato Shop and didn't order a baked tattie, but I'm contrary like that, sometimes (most of the time). Their Bombay potato soup and mixed veggie roll were both excellent, though, so I'd recommend this as a good place for a tasty, health, good value lunch.

Overall, we said: "the food from the Baked Potato Shop was first class, and the lunchtime deal represented good value. I'll certainly head back there again, and maybe this time I'll go for one of their famous baked tatties. Now if I could just convince them to dispense with microwaving the soup..."
On this occasion, I feel the Scottish movie-stereotype that usually makes me cringe kinda holds true. Queue on fat, Scottish bastard with his ginger hair and tartan cap saying "get in mah belly". (ref: Austin Powers). Ignoring the repulsive image of "Fat Bastard" himself, this is how I feel about The Baked Potato Shop, in the best way possible.

Baked potatoes, or potatoes generally, are Scottish comfort food. It's cold here a lot. We eat 'street food' a lot. Eating street food, outside, can be tricky. And so the baked potato is the perfect solution for this. Crispy skin, soft fluffy centre, and a nice, fatty, mayo-drenched filling.

Ok so they're never going to be the choice of the health conscious. But at The Baked Potato shop there are so many fillings, all of which are veggie, that you don't only have to have 1 of 3 traditional fillings (baked beans and cheese, tuna and cheese, cheese.)

How about curried sweet corn? Or veggie chilli? Or spinach special? Or three-bean? Or greek feta? Or tofu? Or...oh I forget, there were so many. But basically, all the fillings are veggie and there are at least 10 - 15 options I think. And yes you could go for cheddar with full fat mayo, but there's also some much lighter and at least semi healthy options.

Also, after asking the guy why the options were only veggie, he told me that it was originally founded by David Bann. That is, David Bann of the restaurant David Bann, one of the best vegetarian restaurants in Edinburgh - in fact something of an institution. This really impressed me. Apparently he founded in over 10 years ago, allt he fillings recipes are his originals, but he sold it on after 2 years. They kept all the recipes though.

So, back to the Fat Bastard recipe. Picture me holding the 'small' portion in my hand with the curried sweetcorn filling, feeling the very weight of it in my hand thinking there is no WAY I would eat it all. 15 minutes later, I'm sitting on a wall on the Royal Mile, scraping spilling curry sauce off my leg (I'm a right proper Lady me), with an empty polystyrine box by my side, and a very happy little food baby, feeling the proud epitome of Scottish, fat-bastard-ness.

In a word, The Baked Potato Shop is well good. Delicious baked potatoes, amazing fillings, three sizes (small = 1 potato. medium = 2 potato. large = 3 potato). Hot and cold fillings. Friendly staff. Did I mention that potatoes are just TOO GOOD? Yum.
I loved our visit to The Baked Potato Shop!

Not only did I get a huge baked potato meal, but, got to have it just the way I wanted it. We actually ended up sitting at a table with a young woman from United States who was studying at Edinburgh Uni.
Great place to drop in and enjoy a good meal.
Cockburn Street's Baked Potato Shop is the stuff of legend. 

Baked potatoes for around the £3-4 mark are exceptionally good value for money, especially for its location in the city centre. 

The staff are friendly and cheerful on the whole. 

There are only two slight problems I have ever had with the shop, one is the music can be a bit 'niche' (but I've only ever had takeaway so haven't had to endure it for any length of time) and the other is that, if, like me, you're an omnivore, you're out of luck on the bacon front as they're a vegetarian and vegan outfit. That said the spuds are great with crispy skins and great fillings. 

Good, honest, filling, inexpensive.
Wow I love this place!

There isn't much seating but the food is fab!

Definitely try the vegetarian haggis if they have it.

Big portions and fair prices!

Great as a touristy stop for food.

Try it!
Went to this place after reading reviews on Yelp and couple of other sites. Usually i wouldn't like to try places, but the reviews were just too good to miss. and i am happy to say glad i paid a visit.. WORTH IT!!!!! for a fiver u get your stomach and heart fill.
Got spicy hummus and spicy veggies on my medium sized potatoes.. and they tasted amazing.
definitely worth a visit for anyone who likes veggie food. get in and enjoy.
We were looking for a place to have breakfast and this shop looked nice and cozy so we thought of giving it a try. In one line I can tell you that even months after that we keep raing about this place!! It's totally awesome!

Since it was quite a few months back I forget the exact name of the dishes that we ordered but one was basically a baked potato and the other was a platter. The baked potato is so different and tasty from what we get in the US! We absolutely loved it! The platter was a hit too! They've great preparation and the prices are reasonable!

I miss that baked potato so much that I wish there was a place like that here!
Wer einmal zu Besuch in Edinburgh ist, sollte diesem kleinen 'Baked Potato Shop' unbedingt einen Besuch abstatten!
Der Laden ist zwar sehr klein, es steht in der Ecke ein kleiner Tisch und der ist meist besetzt, aber das is schon ok!!!
Umso geiler ist einfach das Essen, dazu noch eine Dose 'Cherry Coke' und dann ist alles tutti!!!
Daumen hoch!!!
The Baked Potato Shop is amazing! The vegetarian haggis potato was a wonderful find for a cold, rainy afternoon.  Lots of great vegan hand held snacks and desserts too. Amazing little place.
Nom nom nom.

PO-TA-TO!

As mentioned by others, bugger all seating but craploads of potatos and yumbo fillings. I got the chili with avo and it was fab!

As mentioned by Jenny (and I only noticed AFTER I had ordered my medium potato), a medium potato is two potatoes. This fat bastard was not fat enough to get through all of them twos so I didn't get to eat the skin :( :( If you can get through the large with fillings then you truly are a Fat Bastard (tm) and I congratulate you fine sir or madam.

Only thing better than the potatoes was the music playing during potato construction including hits such as "Jesus loves you". Was very awesomesauce.
This is the best baked potato shop!!! Now I'm a tall guy and need my food to get through the day and I have had plenty experiences of baked new potatoes around the city. Here, no such thing, I can even imagine that one would have to beg them to use one potato. And I like the healthy fillings rather then the 10 fillings all swimming for their flavour life in mayonnaise or dry chicken option. All options are vegetarian or vegan and I like my meat but these mixtures are all making that thought not important at all. I can't decide my favourite which is great for both sides as I'll walk any hill and cross any screeching amateur bag piper to get to this cosy potato shop again.  

"I think the pipers would make more money if they rather stopped then playing when given money"
the baked potatoes here are some of the biggest i have ever seen!!!! you can get loads of fillings and its really difficult to eat the whole thing!! but i always manage it..
I can't believe I forgot to review the Baked Potato Shop immediately after my trip to Edinburgh, because honestly, this was pretty much the best place I ate in all of Scotland. Let me clarify: I LOVE potatoes, and most people/restaurants in the US don't have any appreciation for potatoes (much less understand the concept of jacket potatoes) unless they come as french fries.

But, really, baked potatoes are my favorite thing.

So, naturally, I got a medium potato with some kind of greek salad, cheese and avocado, and it was fantastic. I only wish I could eat here everyday.
Ouwaah, the choice, the CHOICE! I've been coming here since 14 years back, when I was a voluntary worker on a budget that only allowed for cheddar, and spicy hoummous on a good day.
I used to dream of making my fortune in the world, and coming back to order the avocado salad.
Believe me or not:  it all worked out this way! Potatoes come in three sizes now, and a medium + one filling is enough to give you stronger arm muscles as you munch while wandering up the Mile, bumping into people and bollards because you're so engrossed.
But i still have the spicy hoummous at times.
There are maybe 30 different fillings, and every single one of them looks delicious and superfresh, and I guarantee you'll forget there´s no meat in any of them.
The staff is never less than pleasant, and prices are amazing for the portion size and value you're getting.
Do take out, though, since the tiny space gets cramped quickly  and take a cake on your way.
If small is so big, I know want to know what medium or large look like!

This was the first place I came to when I moved to Edinburgh, I had been looking at reviews and was determined to find the vegetarian side of the city. The baked potato shop was very high up the list of recommended places.

It is small inside, there is very little room, but on offer are many options for vegetarians and vegans. They do some fantastic vegan cakes, samosas, soups, and of course, baked potatoes. 

I ordered small with haggis and baked beans. It was humongous! This was my first experience of haggis, and though I can't say I'm a fan, I'm glad I got the opportunity to try it. The potato was cooked to perfection and considering the size, it was great value.

This is a really conveniently located little place for tourists, students and businessmen alike, just off the royal mile, near St Giles cathedral, the castle and Waverly station. If you need comfort food (and you will during the Scottish winter, believe me), do try this place out.
If I decided to search out a religion and give up my atheist ways, I'm certain the Baked Potato Shop would be my church and the food inside my god.

I have never seen anything like this place anywhere on Earth. My meal of towering vegan haggis, baked beans and fresh spinach salad on top of a mammoth serving of piping hot potato was truly a spiritual experience. I was so devoutly affected, I almost prayed.

Amen.
Oh, it pains me to give 2 stars. It's very rare. My one experience here was 2 stars, but as a disclaimer, if I came back and knew what to order and what to stay away from, it could go higher. 

I was so excited to see a shop right next to where I was staying in Edinburgh on the Royal Mile with vegan options! This shop is all vegan and vegetarian, which is so cool, and still fairly rare in the UK. 

I ordered a small baked potato (the other reviewers are right, a small one is definitely big enough for 2 meals!) and after much consideration, got it topped with baked beans and with avocado. Everything on the menu that is vegan is labeled V for vegan, and apparently they even have vegan butter. 

I was starving, so also ordered a packet of crisps and a slice of chocolate cake. (Sometimes after a gal is done climbing Arthur's Seat, she's just gotta carbo-load, ya know?)

When I got back to the flat I was staying in, I excitedly opened my huge and messy baked potato, starving and ready to demolish it. with my hungry girl appetite. I noticed the avocado wasn't actually avocado, but guacamole. That's ok; I wouldn't have ordered guacamole and baked beans, but I was willing to try it. When in Edinburgh, after all. After a few bites, I noticed the guacamole had something else in it. Cheese. 

Wah-Wah.

Who puts cheese in guacamole? I get that might be a thing, and some people might like loads of cheese cubes in your avocado dip; hey whatever floats your boat. But at a cafe that caters to vegans and knows what a vegan is, I think it's strange and disappointing to put cheese in a dish that traditionally doesn't call for it. And I hadn't thought to ask if the avocado was vegan, because duh, it's a fruit. I didn't know that avocado meant guacamole, and that their guacamole would have cheese in it. I did ask if the butter was vegan, which I would have super appreciated if the word vegan would have tipped off the gal making my potato. 

So I moved on my to my cake. Which tasted like vegan cake from 1977. Very dry and crumbly, not sweet. 

But, the server was very nice, and there were lots of options to choose from. If you go and you're vegan, just make sure you ask lots of questions and read the menu carefully. 

And now I'm going to move my review up to 3 stars because I'm happy there's a vegan option close in Edinburgh and even though my food didn't work for me, I would try again if I were in the neighborhood/city/country again. And because they were nice.
Mmm, baked potatoes. For the carbohydrate aficionado in all of us, this shop is a perfect way to get a do-it-yourself meal just off of the Royal Mile. I want one back at home!

You can choose from a variety of toppings, including a slew of vegetarian and vegan options, which is great. The small potato with cheese I ordered was actually two potatoes that were literally covered in cheddar-y goodness. Very messy, very hot, and very good. The toppings may look like too much at first, but there is enough to last through the whole thing and never leave any bare potato. Once you reach the skin, if you still have any room left in your stomach, eat the skin. It is delicious. 

If you can, upon receiving your warm and crispy potato, find a place to sit (Scottish weather permitting), and enjoy people-watching while stuffing your face.
I took my mother here when she visited me at the beginning of the festival. There is one table and every time I have passed by there have been people at it. Our visit was no exception. We ended up sitting in the park at the bottom of the hill, which was very nice, but possibly not so great when it's not summer. 
The food itself is great. My first job as a school kid was in a baked potato shop, so I have a nostalgic affection for the baked potato as a meal. These guys didn't disappoint. 
They were getting smashed me when went in, but the guy who served us was friendly and efficient. And as helpful as we needed him to be. 
We ordered the medium size. I was planning on ordering the large as we had been walking around town all day and I generally have a big appetite anyway. But ended up opting for medium. It was perfect. Verging on too much, but that was what I was after. My mother couldn't quite make it to the end, but enjoyed it also. 
Their is a good combination of toppings, everything looks fresh and there are a decent selection of treats and drinks.
What a great idea....a baked potato with tons of options for stuff on top. I had the vegan haggis and it was very tasty. I would give it 5 stars if it had more seating. Inexpensive and many options for vegans. Yeah!
I seem to remember an old advert in which a Lancastrian family was having an argument and their entire vocabulary was the word Potato.

"POTATO! POTATO-POTATOOO!"

That's pretty much what my brain shouts whenever I walk into the Baked Potato Shop.  It's definitely what my tummy's thinking. Hefty portions, perfectly cooked, fresh fillings piled on to bursting point... yes, yes, and yes.

(And by "hefty portions" I mean that I, self-professed Sultana Of Starch, can barely finish the tuberous exuberance they so whimsically refer to as Small.)

It's only a teeny shop, so if one of the staff is downstairs mixing up some more fillings you might find yourself queueing out in the cold; having only one server instead of two seems to make a disproportionate difference to the speed of the queue. But what a reward awaits the patient. Spud in abundance. Also, if you order the avocado salad from the vegetarian half of the menu (as I unerringly do), there are big lumps of cheese in it that you only notice when you eat it. And what's the best kind of cheese? Yes: SURPRISE cheese!

The other half of the menu is devoted to vegan food, and there are vegan homemade cakes on the counter and vegan box drinks in the fridge. It's great to see vegans so comprehensively catered for instead of being an afterthought on a sub-menu. But even for a dedicated beastie-biter like me, the meat-free delights of The Baked Potato Shop are a must on a trip down Cockburn Street. I'd wager that potatoes elsewhere in the city are just green with envy over these designer jackets.
Perfect place for vegetarians. I enjoyed Cheddar and Haggis toppings. Only seating for 6.
the potatoes here are massive and the fillings are big in portion too! you can get some tasty different types of fillings as well not just your average cheese and beans (which is still a winner!) i always used to get my potato to go as it's like a little shack - i didnt even think there was anywhere to sit inside?? love it! good prices too for the amount of food you are getting!
Erm. It's the Baked Potato Shop. An Edinburgh institution! It does baked potatoes and they are absolutely amaaaazing. They only do veggie and vegan fillings, which means a rainbow assortment of toppings for your tattie, and they do not scrimp on size.

The tatties provided are monster portions, so be aware of this when ordering. I remember I once saw a family of Spanish tourists order four large servings - they could have had one between the family! They were swimming in baked potatoes. 

One small baked potato with one filling is all you need to feel full as you like. There is one tiny table to sit in with - the place does well for tourists and folk on the go. 

Love, love, love the Baked Potato Shop!
I travel to Edinburgh for business quite often, and this is my go to dinner spot. Actually, if they are open, i wouldn't even consider any other spot!
Their potatoes are perfectly steamed and toped with whatever you choose, ALL VEGETARIAN! My favorite was the black bean and corn salsa mix, cheese, and salt and pepper. So delicious!
Patate di tutte le dimensioni e con una ventina di farciture diverse, che possono essere calde o fredde. Se volete dello street food (anche perché dentro c'è un tavolo solo) qui non ci sbaglierete. Una bella jacket potato con del Haggis caldo e magari una lattina di irn-bru vi rimpolperà lo stomaco e il cuore!
I ventured here after a long walk up to the top of Arthur's Seat and then was heading to the Castle via foot on the hunt for food. A friend who was visiting said he felt like a baked potato, so we ventured to the Baked Potato Shop as I had remembered passing it before and thought it smelled amazing.

Now, it was a gray-sort of slightly-cold day and I in my American-ness was thinking baked potato with broccoli and cheese sounds amazing, but low-and-behold, they don't actually offer many hot toppings for your hot potato. If my memory serves me correctly, it had maybe 5 or 6. The obvious baked beans or chili were options and while both sounded good, they weren't anything too out there.

It was new to me to put chilled sort of salads/mixes on top of a warm potato, but they all looked quite tasty and delicious and extremely fresh so I thought I would try the 'Mexican' topping of kidney beans, corn and peppers atop my potato. I ordered the smallest one and had to say it was a bit pricy for a potato, almost 5 pounds for a small, and in my mind, potatoes are dirt cheap...

Anyways, I am SO glad I opted for the small. Despite my ravenous, long-walk induced appetite, it was entirely too massive. It would have been nice to have one slightly smaller, that was slightly cheaper. Although tasty, it didn't really strike me as a great and absolutely essential food buy for the money I spent on it.

They do have a large array of options and think they have lots of vegan options, all healthy, so that is nice for anyone looking to carb load via vegetarian. 

They weren't busy and the service was friendly, but a bit slow. The other friend we were  with just got cheese and most of it wasn't melted, so it was just a giant pile of grated cheese and didn't really meet his expectations. They do put butter on the hot potato if you would like, which is nice, otherwise it might be a bit dry as most of the toppings don't have a sauce...think, veggie salsa or salad on top.

My boyfriend had the chili, which was pretty good, so if I ever go again I think I would opt for the comfort of some chili and cheese on a massive potato. They are also cash only so make sure you've got some on hand. There also is only one small table inside, maybe big enough for 4 max, so it is best to take-away and eat somewhere near by off the Royal Mile. Although, a potato is not really a summer crave when sitting in the park, this is certainly a winter-warm type destination in my mind.
Een heerlijke kleine winkel voor een goed belegde Jacket Potato! De Aardappels zijn echt groot, dus wanneer je weinig honger hebt, is 1 Jacket Potato echt meer dan voldoende.

Er is voor vegetarischers en mensen met een koemelk-, en gluten allergie ook volop keus, laat het de medewerker(s) weten en ze kunnen je prima verder helpen.

De winkel zelf heeft wel een tafeltje waaraan je kan zitten, maar echt luxe is het niet. Beter neem je je voedsel mee naar buiten en eet je het op terwijl je van de stad geniet.
Almost entirely vegetarian chinese restaurant (they serve some dead fishies. boo!)  There are like um no veggie or vegan restaurants in las vegas and this is an oasis in the oasis (ha!)...if you are a veggie or vegan or a connoisseur of fake meat, you MUST try this place. amazing. order the mongolian beef, tomato beef chow mein, sweet and sour chicken.  support this place if you live in vegas or are visiting vegas on more than a stripper and coke binge.  or fuck it, even if you are on a stripper and coke binge...stop by for a respite from the madness! l will be eating here again tomorrow night so I will have another update when I get back. everyone, please sit tight.

hours: 11:30 am - 10:30 pm every day.  CLOSED SUNDAYS.  learned this the hard way.
One of the few places in town that caters to a pescetarian or vegetarian diet, Long Life has some good stuff to serve up to us usually-carniverous people as well.  They serve up Chinese style food with a wide assortment of veggie 'meats.'  My veggie friends love it here, and I don't mind tagging along with them at all.
After a not so great experience at Tofu Hut, where they don't know how to cook tofu, my friend took me to eat here.  I had tofu with garlic sauce, and while it was not as spicy as I expected, it was very tasty.  Their veggie dumplings are fantastic, and definitely made on site, as they were unlike any of the many frozen dumplings I've tried. 

They do have chopsticks, but you have to ask for them.  And I got the only decent fortune out of the three of us, "You shall attain great wisdom with each passing year [in bed]."
I adore Long life. The owners are the only employees there and you can tell they really care about their business and customers. The wife serves all the food, and the husband cooks it. Sometimes they take a break and eat dinner together when business dies down. It's all very sweet.

Decor:
Typical chinese restaurant fare. pastel colored seats, bare walls with the occasional painting, a few floral arrangements, (I'm not sure if they are real or plastic) and a fishtank with a few MASSIVE goldfish inside.

Patrons:
 A semi scary smokeshop/ tattoo parlor moved in next door recently with shady types hanging out front but even they come in from time to time and get dinner there. It's odd to see your typical granola looking vegans, scary looking pseudo gang members, and the odd office worker all enjoying a nice quiet meal in the same place. Long life is never super busy, but it appears their customer base is loyal, as I usually average a visit or two a week and see many of the same people there.

Food:
Everything I've had there has been wonderful, but the best dish I've had would be the Rainbow Chicken Chunks. Tasty, moist faux chicken nuggets in sauce with veggies served with either white or brown rice.  Most of the menu is vegan friendly, however a few dishes do have eggs, sugar, or fish in them. Yes, the fish dishes on the menu is actual fish.. so steer clear of them. Other than that everything else is delightful, especially the curry dishes.  If you are a strict Vegan, they do understand what that means and will tell you exactly what is in the food you are ordering, which is great. *glares at Komol Thai*


Most dishes hover around the 6-9 dollar mark, drinks are between the $1-3 range, appetizers (which are big enough to be a entree) are around $4-6.
The food was ordinary at best, but actually more like mediocre. The taste was uninspiring. My wife says "blad." I have eaten at a lot Chinese restaurants for decades and love vegetarian food. I will not be going back here.  The people were nice. I was here in the spring of 2007.
The best food in Vegas. I moved here from NYC with tons of Vegetarian restaurants and this stacks right up. It doesn't look like much from the outside, and the inside is spartan, but me and my roomate were floored at how good everything is. We had the garlic eggplant fake chicken and the pepper beef. I've had so many mediocre meals at fancy vegas restaurants, the real gems are places like this. The prices can't be beat either, $10 max for an entree.
This place is located at the southeast block of the Flamingo-Sandhill intersection. Took me a second to find it. Ghetto area, but lots of parking. 

I went at 6p on a Weds evening and there were only two other parties in there. The waitress was attentive and polite. 

The restaurant is severely under decorated, with some Buddhist items and random Chinese things and a fish tank. 

The menu confuses me. I thought it was gonna be a totally vegetarian/ vegan restaurant (like Veggie Delite on Spring Mt and Wynn), but it was a mix. They serve fish (sole) for sure. And there were items with beef, chicken, or pork. But then I got into the meat substitute section of the menu. I thought it was all meat substitute. 

I ordered the honey walnut tofu ($10), but I also wanted a meat substitute dish. All of the items looked pretty tame. I asked my server to recommend something. She asked me, "You want spicy or no?" Not spicy, I replied. Then she gave a thinking look, like I'm SOL. So then I said a little spicy is okay. So then right away she recommended a beef and veggie dish ($10, forgot what it was called, but it was the last or second to the last item of the section). The beef sub was good. It looked like beef broccoli, but had all kinds of vegetables. And the texture of the fake meat was good. Not anything that would deceive you to believe that you were eating real meat, but still very good. 

The honey walnut tofu was like honey walnut shrimp. But with tofu. And they put the sweet mayo sauce on the side. When I ordered it, she warned me there was egg in the sauce. The tofu was even lightly battered and fried, like honey walnut shrimp. The tofu sans the mayo glaze is very bland. This is served with steamed broccoli. I love that Chinese people rarely overcook broccoli. 

I also got a brown rice, for which she did not charge me. 

Now here is the strange thing. After she took my order, she went in the back and placed the order with the chefs. And I DIDN'T hear screaming and yelling in Chinese. So strange. 

For dessert, I got a fortune cookie. 

For the two dishes, before tip, my total was $22. 

* off the strip, non-casino
If you are vegan or vegetarian and you have not ate here yet stop reading this and go! This is one of my Favorite vegan Friendly restaurant i love the Rainbow Chicken Chunk i know it sounds really gross but it's to die for.
Great, standard-issue vegetarian chinese food. The kung-pao non-chicken was incredible, they were willing to add broccoli to it, and I'm glad they have brown rice. The orange non-chicken was a little too sweet and breaded--tasted like a donut hole--but was good. Highly recommended.
This place is okay... nothing really special. They do have some great vegetarian dishes.. but they also serve fish.. BOOO!!!!
this is great vegetarian food at a nominal price, The scallion pancakes are amazing (as is everything else), and the owners are very sweet.   It's a cozy setting, and I've wiled away many an afternoon with friends here.
restaurant has a 1/2 vegan menu.  

Probably the best battered and fried fake chicken ever.  And the moo shu is even vegan.  gotta love that.

take a taxi out there and then take the bus back.  it's a direct bus to the strip.  worth the trip.
One more vegan review from the meat eater of the group...

My vegan daughter and boyfriend ordered the pot stickers and curry veg fried rice (no egg). 

Our server was tuned in to the vegan order and without my asking, scored extra points when she told us the hot and sour soup is vegan. YAY! I love it when a server can anticipate your needs even before you are aware of them.

I ordered the tofu and garlic sauce, and loved that I could order brown rice!

The exterior is blah nondescript strip mall, but the interior is decorated nice and looks like any other American authentic Chinese wall decor. We were in at 1:40, well past lunch time but found four other groups enjoying their meals.

The fortune cookies were served individually wrapped, including nutritional information and ingredients, allowing the vegan to know that they are NOT vegan. (I think it was egg, but by the time I am writing my review I am not sure)

Next time I'm in Vegas to visit my daughter, we're sure to return!
This place is so good that I'm incredibly sad I don't live in Vegas! I haven't eaten chicken very much in my life, nor do I remember what it tastes like, but I swear the Vegan "chicken" dishes were the best I've ever had! My friend said his dish [also chicken] tasted like the real thing! The "chicken" is made out of Seitan [my favorite] and is cooked quite well!
I would go here quite alot as it was one of the few places a non-meat eater could go (which I used to be) The last time I went there was with a meat eating friend  that I promised would not be able to tell the difference. We went all out and ordered soup and entrees. The soup tasted like what I imagine piss tasting like. It was foul. Combined with the fact that if you need to use the bathroom, you have to walk thru the kitchen (against health code ew) I paid my ticket, because honestly, the girl waiting our table did not understand enough english to try to send it back ( or a sly move on her part), and we just left, into the sunset for good. the end.
I love this place. Ping (owner & waitress) is such a sweetheart. 

There is no overcooking here. Life is left in all veggies. Thank you for so lovingly and perfectly preparing those yummies.

They would get 4.5 starts from me, but I think there is massive amounts of MSG in what WAS my favorite soup - Mung Bean Ball Soup. Oh, my heart still hurts over this. That soup WAS incredible!! I went there for that soup on 2 different occasions and noticed much pressure in my cheeks. The first time I thought it was from smiling too much, but when it happened a second time and my friend confirmed the same feeling after eating the same soup - trouble. So sad. So I have not been back since. I will visit again. I'll just have to check with Ping about their MSG use. =-(
This is a pescetarian/vegetarian restaurant in Las Vegas. Since I survive within a 10 mile radius of where I live, I find that I make it here less often then I'd like to. 

Ping the lady that owns this place is the sweetest lady with a smile on her face all the time. I'm not kidding...all the time. Go check it out. No exaggeration here. It's a hole in the wall in the middle of a pretty weird and old strip mall next to a tattoo place that plays the loudest music at all times of the day. 

The food here is pretty good. They have lunch specials for less than $10 that is served with soup and a pretty significant portion of the entree. 

Our favs are the following:

1. Mung Bean Ball Soup - Deep Fried Balls of some kind of bean and batter in a clear soup with some veggies

2. Hot and Sour Soup - Generous helpings of tofu and bamboo shoots and mushrooms in this soup that is THE best on a cold or sickly day

3. Pepper Tofu - Deep Fried Tofu (silken inside) with some bell peppers, onions and broccoli. Very Very Good

4. Mango Tofu - A more sophisticated version of Sweet and Sour and this one tastes good

5. Potstickers - Pan Fried and YUM YUM YUM. I can finish an order of 8 myself.

I avoid their fake meats as I generally don't like them except at certain places. I also think their fried rice is pretty bad. Sticking to my staples, I love eating here whenever I trudge my way to this area. 

If you are around the area or decide to get a tattoo next door, this place is a must-eat.
Their food is delicious. They have a few Vegan and Vegetarian dishes & I love the fact that it is a mom & pop type of restaurant. I always leave satisfied.
Wow! This place may soon become a regular stop. I also am hoping that it will become worthy of a 5 star rating. The wife and I wanted Chinese food and Diana and Sangeetha's reviews sold us on LLV and we were not disappointed. The location is a bit iffy but the place was clean. We were the only eat in customers but that didn't dissuade us. As others mentioned the service was very good. And the menu must have changed from the older reviews as the owner let us know that the only meat served is seafood and all other meat is faux. Also she said that all of their sauces are animal free. I had Kung pao tofu and the wife had garlic veggies. We both had brown rice and veggie wontons. The veggie wontons were hands down the best fried wontons I have ever had. No cream cheese here just veggies and an amazing sauce. They were lightly fried and not oily. My main dish was great. Plenty of flavor and good spice (could have been a hair spicier). Veggies were not overcooked at all. The tofu was good. I prefer fried but this wasn't which was fine because it is probably healthier. The wife greatly enjoyed her dish. Also a bit spicy. The serving sizes were huge and we both have lunch for tomorrow. The main dishes (non seafood) are around the $8-9 range and the wontons were $6ish. We will definitely be back.
YUMMMM.  I love this place because I can eat meat dishes without really eating meat!  The scallion pancakes are a must and the spring rolls are pretty jammin' too.  My fiancee really digs on the crab rangoons here but it's a pretty standard rangoon compared to other places.  I've tried quite a few of the chicken dishes and the orange chicken is possibly my favorite.  I must admit.. the orange chicken is pretty sweet (as in sugary sweet) and I only get it every so often.  BUT my main man master dish is the chicken egg foo yong.  The foo yong is pretty standard and it comes with the usual sauce draped all over it but the fact that I can eat a chicken-tasting egg foo yong is a real treat.  The service is always good and the lady who owns the place is always ultra nice.  One of my favorite restaurants in town.  Go try it.  The food is good and you might actually live a little longer?  Ch-check it out... definitely has my seal of approval.
This is a hidden treasure in the valley for sure, my boyfriend was kind enough to bring me here.  He is not even close to being vegetarian and has been going to eat here for ages, and eating what he refers to as the triangle or rubber meat...  

I wasn't sure what to expect when he invited me their for lunch, I was impressed to say the least.  We ordered the hot and sour soup sans egg, eggplant with garlic sauce and tofu, and of course the much raved about triangle meat with veggies( I think it was faux chicken?).  

Everything was excellent, triangles were my favorite, with a choice of white or brown rice we also received fresh melon and fortune cookies(not vegan, but still prophetic) with our lunch.  

Our waitress/ co-owner? was a delight,  with kind and caring service I felt very welcome and want to go back to try more of the dishes,  It is without a doubt a family run restaurant which makes me even more inclined to visit again.  The décor was almost comical but adds to the ambiance.  

The only thing I noticed that was a bit odd was the lack of background music, as we ate in silence i felt it could use a bit of noise besides the sound of me chomping on veggies.
One word can describe the food: YUM!  We have been researching some vegetarian restaurants lately and this is a real find.  We ordered the Spring Rolls for an appetizer and it was delicious.  My partner commented that it's the best one he's had.  For the main course, we ordered "Chicken" Egg Foo Young and he got the Sweet and Sour "Chicken."  My Egg Foo Young was very tasty.  It has to be the best one I've had.  The egg has a nice crunch and the inside is very moist.  I just loved the texture and the sauce was perfect.  I couldn't finish the plate because it was huge and I was full but was tempted to eat the leftovers.  Good thing my partner stopped me from eating the leftovers.  He had the Sweet and Sour "Chicken," and it was also tasty.  He commented that it was too sweet but it definitely was good when I tasted it.  As everyone has said, it is a hole in the wall.  It is located in an old strip mall.  The owner, Ping, was always smiling and courteous.  Overall, if you have restricted yourself to eating vegetarian or pescatarians like us, this is a definite place to try.
I really love this place and I hope it stays in business. 

The staff is very friendly and I really love the wide variety of vegetarian options.
I finally returned to LLV for lunch recently after a long hiatus following a less-than-stellar first impression.  My first round wasn't *bad*, it just wasn't all that.  The second time was much better.  I think the key here (at least for me) is to order the dishes with tofu instead of one of the fake meats.  I did not care for their taste or texture*.  And beware!! the fish items on the menu are real fish, not soy versions (as opposed to Veggie Delite)!!

Here's the rundown - I was thrilled to be able to get vegan hot n sour soup, which was super tasty and lived up to it's name! I love that you can get brown rice at no additional charge.  They also have great lunch specials deals - soup + entree + eggroll for like $7-8?! awesome.  

So, WMFP with this place? why not more stars? Well, I'm giving it a 3.5 --it's good, it's just kinda generic.  All of our dishes (curry, kung pao, mongolian bbq-style) had the exact same veggies, although we ordered different proteins.  I wanna go back and try some of their more diverse offerings that aren't a stir-fry w/ sauce kinda deal, and hopefully bump this place up to 4!

*Disclaimer, while I love me some seitan and certain fake meat products, I never seem to enjoy the "gluten" or fake meats at Asian places.  If you are into it, then you'll probably like LLV's versions.
This is one of my favorite Vegetarian Restaurants!  Good stuff and very yummy
The location and atmosphere are no match for their incredible food!  They make a veggie alternative to all your favorite chinese food!!!  Highly recommended :)
I've been coming to Long Life Vege for years, I love this place so much! The food is awesome. The service is a little slow and they don't speak much english, but the food is really great so I'm not complaining! 

I like coming here with large groups when I visit Vegas, they have a big table and it's usually pretty slow. Perfect place to gather all the friends.

Make sure to get the Fried Wontons!
For a Vegetarian, there are not many places to eat at in the Vegas Valley. But I just LOVE going to Long Life Veggie! The food is delicious and cheap! But the service isn't the best, I always have to wave down the server for water refills lol.
It's hard to get good vegetarian food when you travel. When I'm in Vegas, I come here. Delish food for great prices!

I LOVE their mock chicken. 

I DON'T like the aquarium in the restaurant though. It's hypocritical.
There has never, in the history of food carts, been a cart with more fresh ingredients, more food for your money, and more flavor.  Everything on the menu, including the homemade peanut butter cups, is vegan.  Before you stop reading, however, it should be known that I have never given vegan food a chance before this cart because I didn't think it could be this flavorful, this savory, and this phenomenal.  If you want to discover how certain ingredients can taste better than you've ever dreamed (chickpeas? I thought they were boring until Dandelion....), definitely stop by this bright green food cart.  

All meals are under $7 and well worth it.  It's definitely time to get away from all the burrito carts around the Capital Loop and try something that won't leave you feeling too sick to work after lunch.  Open about 11am-1:30pm Monday-Friday, but sometimes the owner has a hard time keeping exactly with this schedule as he cooks full-time at a Willy St. restaurant and supports a family.
And so I finally bagged the elusive white whale of the vegetarian world in Madison. I had attempted to eat at Dandelion Food Cart on at least five or six separate occasions over the last year or two, but I was always either too late, or had come on a day that it's not open (it's only open Tuesday-Thursday, 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.).

The owner graciously prepared a potato-tofu wrap for me (vegan, of course, by my specification), even though he'd technically already closed for the day (as usual, I was barely late). He also gave me a peanut butter chocolate cup on the house.

The wrap ($6.25) was excellent: super-fresh, filling and flavorful. It was full of tofu, spinach (or was it kale?), a creamy dressing, potatoes, black eyed beans and other vegetables. It also came with a side of tortilla chips. The wrap/burrito was spicy without being overpowering, and felt like comfort food. I can't wait to try another dish from Dandelion.

The chocolate peanut butter cup was also amazing. It had a rich chocolate flavor and the peanut butter inside was some of the creamiest I've ever tasted.

My only gripe is that this being a food cart, you're forced to eat outside (unless you have an office or apartment to go to, which I don't, as I'm always just passing through Madison). There's no shortage of benches and open space where you can sit and eat in downtown Madison, but be prepared to be bothered by a constant stream of buses and more than a few panhandlers.
Normally I'm a passive yelp consumer but today I had to log in and write a review for this food cart.  I got a tofu wrap today and it is one of the most delicious things I've eaten in awhile.  It has kale, beans, onions, tomatoes, rice, creamy artichoke spread, tofu, and some other yummy spices that I can't identify but am enjoying. This is not feel bad for yourself because you're not eating meat for lunch vegetarian food.  This is comfort food at its best, but also healthy and as big as your head.  Side note: the cart has moved to library mall.  Go seek it out and don't get side tracked by the other food carts. Put on your blinders and head straight for this place, you won't regret it.
LOVE!  I got the vegan Reuben and it was delicious.  Freshly made right in front of me (therefore not the quickest cart, but not slow either).  It was overflowing with perfectly seasoned mushrooms and (I believe) jackfruit, thousand island dressing and sauerkraut.  I wish they had slightly better transport (everything is packed into a small open-air fry basket), as I take my items that I get at library mall for a slight walk before sitting down to eat, but that's okay. The sandwiches all come with vinegar coleslaw and tortilla chips. I also got a vegan peanut butter cup that was quite yummy.  Overall, highly recommended.  The food was fresh and delicious.
Let me say first, I am not a vegetarian, or a vegan. This place is likely quite different for someone who does not enjoy the snap of a brat. 

The Green Owl's decor is charming. Warm greens and and mellow oranges, with hanging Ikea lighting. Whoever designed the charmingly retro menu should be given an award.

Beers are about 4 dollars, and there is a small, decent selection. They also do wine and cocktails. 

Our appetizer, a vegan pate ($6), was complex in flavor, and the baguette was nothing to write home about. My knife was not clean. A replacement was stolen from another table.  My guy's chili, a side included with his entree, lacked a depth of flavor. My Crabby Cake Po' Boy ($9) was surprisingly textured and flavored like a crab cake. The baked sweet potato fries were the highlight of the meal for me. My boyfriend's vegan schnitzel ($13) didn't work for me in terms of flavor and texture -- but this is one of those places meat-eaters and veggies differ - he loved it. His garlicy green beans were amazingly good. 

Our vegan key lime pie was small, and poorly presented. It was also surprisingly expensive ($6). The flavor and texture were such that if someone served it to you and hadn't told you it was vegan, you would have thought, "this is an average key lime pie."

90% of the Green Owl's menu are dishes traditionally made with meat. For those who live a meat-free life, this might be an amazing breath of fresh air. For me, I thought the food was the best when, like the green beans and sweet potatoes, it wasn't pretending to be anything else.
When I moved to Madison in 2008, I was pretty surprised that this hippie-town had no dedicated vegetarian restaurant. I'm generally able to find vegetarian menu items at most restaurants here, but it's wonderful to have a place where I can choose anything on the menu.

Hence, I was excited to read in the Isthmus that The Green Owl would be opening just a few blocks from my house. I went with some friends on the second day they were open. The style of the place is great - nice colors, modern lighting (the same lights I desperately want from Century House), and clean lines - without overdoing it. My husband thought the lighting was too bright for dinner, but I wasn't bothered by that. The waitstaff was very pleasant and unobtrusive.

When I first became a vegetarian, I was uninterested in restaurants that made vegetarian versions of traditional omnivorous meals - not that many existed in 1992... Now, however, I enjoy them quite a bit. Many of the menu items are just that: eggplant meatballs, vegan schnitzel, Italian beef sandwich, while a few are meals that just happen to be vegetarian. If I ate meat, I would think that this place would get 3 stars. It's solidly good food, but not the way some of my favorite east-coast city vegetarian restaurants amaze me and my omnivorous companions (Horizons in Philadelphia, Dirt Candy or Pukk in New York). 

As a vegetarian-with-somewhat-vegan-leanings stuck in this brat and dairy land of Wisconsin, however, The Green Owl gets a secure 4-star rating. I think my Italian Beef Sandwich was one of the best things our group ordered, but I also thought the jumbalaya, schnitzel, and bbq jackfruit were excellent choices. Definitely order the kale crisps as a sandwich side - they are delicious! I can't quite figure out what spices they use on them, but they made me very happy. I agree with the last review of this place that while the pate was good, the baguette could use improvement. In general, I would argue that stepping up the breads for the sandwiches would also make a significant improvement - they're good enough, but could be better. I am a fan of the drink selection. Yay for Ale Asylum beers.
Praise be, Madison finally has a vegetarian restaurant! Best of all, The Green Owl fits the bill as a go-to spot whenever you happen to be in town---it's casual, affordable and has a good-sized menu so you can try something new each time you stop by. About 80% of the menu is vegan and all vegan items are labeled. Green Owl also has rotating vegan dessert specials daily. If you're in Madison and you're vegan or vegetarian or just like good food, this place should be at the top of your list.

The space itself is lovely: bright; colorful; retro-mod with a bistro-bar ambience. The bar up front is a bit cramped and too close to the front door (a chilly spot in winter) but it'll be great in the summer. Green Owl has a good selection of unusual wines and beers.

I do wish that Green Owl was a bit more casual and offered original coffee & tea drinks, so that the space could double-up as a coffee shop as well. I think it would draw people in and (hopefully) steal away customers from less veg-friendly places in that area. It would also save me the hassle of driving a mile down the road to the Williamson Street Co-op to pick up a fresh chai for my frequent trips to/fro Minneapolis to/fro Chicago.

I first time I went I had a BBQ jackfruit sandwich with roasted potatoes ($8). The sandwich tasted good on a whole, but was not without flaws. For one thing, there wasn't enough jackfruit---it seemed like only a few small pieces. Secondly, I don't know if mixing coleslaw on the sandwich worked with the smoky-sweet flavor of the barbecue sauce. Lastly, the artisan bread was not toasted enough, and was too thick; I would have preferred a thinner, toasted whole wheat option. The roasted potatoes were a tasty side, though.

I also had a slice of coconut creme pie ($6) for dessert. This was spectacular. It was oh-so-subtly sweet, with wonderfully airy "creme" and nice crispy-crumbly notes from shaved coconut and a great crust. 

The second time I went to Green Owl I had the "vegetarian Italian beef" (which is vegan; $9). This sandwich was excellent and tasted just like Italian beef sandwiches, though with seitan. The bread got nicely soggy and wet and brought back many memories. I think the seitan could have been marinated more in the sauce, but it was a great-tasting meal and much better than the BBQ jackfruit sandwich. I got it with a side of kale crisps, which were also awesome, and not usually seen on menus. The portion size could have been slightly larger given the price, but this was definitely a high-grade meal and well-executed.

For dessert I had a slice of New York cheesecake ($6) which came topped with strawberries, whipped cream, caramel drizzle, and one fresh mint leaf. This cheesecake was wonderful and one of the best I've ever had. It was rich, but not too sweet, and the interplay of the caramel, strawberries, mint and whipped cream was divine.

On my third visit, I had the vegan schnitzel ($13) which comes with either a soup or salad. The soup was an amazing winter vegetable medley that was quite spicy (probably too much so for most people, but just perfect for me). The schnitzel itself was also spectacular---I've never had real schnitzel, but this was a breaded, meaty marvel covered in a savory mushroom stroganoff-style sauce. I enjoyed the garlic green beans and roasted red potatoes that also came with the dish. For dessert I got a chocolate mousse tart ($6) which came with raspberry sauce and soy whipped cream; this was delicious and the chocolate had a slightly minty flavor. Green Owl consistently does excellent desserts.

For the fourth visit I had their crabby cakes sandwich ($9) which was tasty on fluffy white bread. It seemed a bit small for the price tag, but it was still good. On a whole, I would recommend the Italian beef or the schnitzel over anything else (I have yet to try their jambalaya, however). I also had a slice of key lime cheesecake ($6) which was good, and had a nicely browned/baked top layer, though it wasn't as good as the New York cheesecake I'd had a couple months back.

The service is always friendly and helpful. On at least two separate occasions my server also got me samples of the other available vegan dessert of the day, which was a great way to help me decide which dessert to choose.

Every town should have an all-purpose veg. spot like this one. I'm glad Green Owl is around, though I'm afraid it'll prevent me from ever trying other places in Madison!
My boyfriend is vegan (although he eats fish now, so what's that? pescan?) and so we went to check this place out shortly after the grand opening with some of our friends.

Tucked away in a cozy corner of Atwood St, the Green Owl definitely exceeded expectations. Specializing in homey comfort vegan/vegetarian cuisine, the meals there are simple but tasty. 

My favorites: 
The crabby cakes- rich, melt in your mouth flavor. It's hard to imagine that this actually doesn't have an ounce of crab in it. I'd say this is probably one of the best dishes on the menu. 

BBQ Jackfruit sandwich- a refreshing take on the pulled pork sandwich. The combination of fresh vinegary coleslaw and the jackfruit was suprising but worked well. 

The bread and spread- Green Owl features an appetizer special that features a daily homemade spread. The one we had was a beet and horseradish creation. The odd combination was delightfully tangy and spicy. I could eat tubs of that stuff. 

I'm looking forward to visiting again.
I'm not a vegetarian - so take this with a grain of salt...

I was not impressed. The vegan cheese was a decent appetizer. The kale chips were different - worth a try. The roasted potatoes were pretty weak and the po boy was kind of boring.

I liked the interior, but the food just didn't hit the mark. However, I'd give it a second try since they have a big menu. Also - I thought it was a bit expensive for being in Atwood and not using meat?!
I went here on a Sunday afternoon while driving across America and what a find!  As vegetarian restaurants goes this is first rate.  As all restaurants go... I'd probably be a little more critical.  But you try to make an Italian Beef sandwich out of seitan and see how well it turns out!  So, as a veggie restaurant this is a five star restaurant, easy.

It has a great ambience, with cute indie and indie related music.  An excellent decor and good food.  I had the aforementioned Italian beef which was indeed made out of seitan.  It was spicy if not quite drippy enough, but pretty good.  I found the service to be very pleasant and prompt.
I'm giving The Green Owl four stars instead of three for two reasons: 1, it fills a niche that was basically unoccupied in Madison before its arrival; and 2, it's pretty new and I think it will improve with time.

I've eaten at The Green Owl twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner.  The interior is really quite nice -- I love the light fixtures hanging above each table -- and they make really great use of the space (I say that as though I know what I'm talking about, but I don't -- it just seems like they fit as many tables in there as they can without actually crowding the place).  The women's bathroom, however, had one stall out of order and the other stall's lock was non-functional.  Not good for nervous pee-ers.  The bar at the front of the restaurant is a great place to hang out while you're waiting for a table.  

The staff are friendly but not TOO friendly (a good thing) and competent but not TOO competent (a bad thing -- they were a bit slow with the water and the waiter forgot to bring my soup entirely).  Everyone who works there is pretty darn good-looking, which is a plus.  When I was there for lunch, it seemed as though there were WAY too many waiters hanging around, but at dinner, the staff-to-patron ratio was just right.

The food is fine but nothing to write home about.  The Middle Eastern Plate is huge and definitely delicious, but my dinner entree (jambalaya) was just "pretty good," as was my friend's "meatball" sub.  The greens and potatoes served alongside were tasty but didn't really stand out, you know?  However, although I suspect that most of the dishes are this way (good but not great), I give it more of a pass than I would otherwise because, as I said, almost everything in the place is vegan and I'm pretty sure everything can be MADE vegan.  Unfortunately that's not something that can be taken for granted, even in Madison in 2010.  I'll definitely be back to The Green Owl before long, and I hope it becomes a place I'll look forward to going to as well.
I'm happy to report that I've been back to The Green Owl a few times since my review, and it's gotten better and better each time. I would say that it is now a solid 4 stars. Their nightly specials have been more naturally vegetarian food rather than fake meat, and have been great! I had the "vegetable strudel (vegan) with roasted red pepper sauce--phyllo dough wrapped roasted vegetables topped with red pepper sauce, served with rice pilaf." It was beautifully presented and tasty. The vegan phyllo was impressively buttery tasting. We also got the fish fry, which seems to be on the menu each Friday night now. I don't really know my Wisconsin fish fries, with the last time I had fish being 17 years ago, but it was delicious!

The vegan cheese cake was surprisingly tangy (in a good, cheesecakey way) and all around awesome.

I'm still not thrilled about the soups, which is surprising since the owner is pretty much "the soup lady" for Mother Fool's and other spots around town - the lentils in the dal weren't fully cooked, and my chili had so much tomato that I couldn't taste much else. They aren't terrible . . . but I would recommend a salad over the soup as a starter.
I had the Italian Beef last Friday afternoon and was already considering going back for another by that evening.  I mean I am totally cheap, but I would pay $20 for that sandwich alone.  My only complaint was that I've tasted much yummier kale crisps in my day.  Luckily the three year old next to me munched the things down after declaring them 'dinosaur chips.'  

Oh!  And the orange blossom lemonade is something I would like to have on tap in my home.  Please.
So, the husband and I decided to start our Wednesday feasting with a very nice walk to The Green Owl. This fine vegan/vegetarian establishment is a gem on the end of the more populated, area of Madison, closer to the industrial area. But don't be a dud, check this place out. Our server was very sweet. We started with two Crabby Cakes, crisp, crab-like cakes, complete with dippin' sauce. I opted for a house kombucha and the husband got a cow-themed beer. We split a reuben and Italian beef sandwich with roasted potatoes and kale crisps. Sooo good! We polished our meal off with a slice of spicy chocolate "cheese cake" that was made with coconut milk. We were silent, as we tend to be during orgasmic food moments. My only suggestion: make the meals a bit bigger. Just a tad. I think being from Chicago left us wanting a little more, but overall, the food was awesome.
Being a vegetarian for over 10 years I was very excited to fall upon this restaurant wandering Madison. My husband, however, is not a vegetarian at all. After we went to have lunch here, I think a switch was turned on for him- vegetarian food can be filling and tasty and I don't need meat at every meal. He loved the Mediterranean appetizer and was had a hard time choosing what to eat for lunch. I mainly enjoyed this because of the enlightening moment my husband had but that is not to take away anything from the fantastic waitstaff, the decor, and the menu.
Awesome! Great veg/vegan food! And great waitstaff.
I left a meeting starving. Hopped in my rental car, fired up yelp, found this and read a review about a yummy crab po-boy. I thought yum! I love crab. I didn't read the rest and drove straight there.

I get there, and ah ha! It's Vegan! Not a crab po-boy after all. Waaamp Waaaaaa.

But...so, so delicious. I had the TLT (i think), an awesome raspberry tart and really delicious coffee.

Will be back next time in Madison.
After a few more meals and a few more months, I'm downgrading Green Owl to three stars.  It's still a cool place, and a useful veggie alternative, but honestly, the food is just "meh."
There are many places to eat like this one in Los Angeles...eco-chic decor, funky service staff, eclectic diners...but thus far, this is the ONLY place in town that I have found a place where I can eat ANYTHING on the menu!!  Being in America's Dairyland, I suppose I cannot complain at the scarcity of vegan fare, but finding a place that was created specifically to fill that untapped niche is absolutely fantastic.  I have tried numerous things on their menu, with my favorites either being the BBQ Jackfruit sandwich or the Crab Cake Po'Boy sandwich.  I'm also a fan of their empanadas and gyro specials...and let's not forget dessert!  I don't even care if I'm completely stuffed...I always have to try a new dessert when I come here.  Vegan marshmallow creme?!  Vegan grasshopper cheesecake?!  Yes, please!
Mixed bag here.

To start the appropriate green meal, I biked here on a warm Thursday. And of course that made me very thirsty for a cocktail. I ordered their passionfruit kombucha (looove) and vodka drink. That was very very tasty. Just what I needed after a long day plus a bike ride. 

I wasn't too hungry, so I just ordered a bowl of soup and kale chips to munch with my friend. While the kale chips was bit under my expectation, the curry cauliflower soup was very comforting to my stomach. It's the kind of dish you want to make and savor at home. 

My friend ordered the same soup (ugh copy cat), and the stuffed bell pepper dish. Unfortunately the stuffed red pepper did not delight us in any way. The spaghetti sauce like thing strangely looking too stiff and sitting top of the pepper  .... not really appetizing visually, and didn't taste good either.

So on my first try, some hits and misses. I'll gladly bike to here again and sip a cocktail. By the way, check out the interior - it's lovely.
The Green Owl has gotten better and better ever since it opened, and it's quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Its new menu (just in the last month or so) expands upon its previous solid menu to incorporate some of the specials that have been popular and were worthy of regular status. They've also brought in more entrees that aren't based on fake meat (the expanded variety is nice whether you like the fake meat or not!)

I love having a vegetarian restaurant in Madison in general, but especially one that has such delicious food. Among my favorite dishes are the TLT with Avocado, the Vegetarian Meatball Sub, and the Friday Night Vegetarian Fish Fry. They also have great desserts, with a to-die-for (well, not literally) vegan chocolate cream cake with raspberry puree. And there are still so many things on the menu to try! (My less-favorite items are the Crabby Cake Po'Boy [a little too salty], the BBQ Jackfruit Sandwich [a little too sweet], and the Kale Crisps [a little too dusty]).

I also really applaud the recent featuring of more local produce. There are just too many great producers to not take advantage of this! 

Oh and the decor! So charming and colorful.

All in all, I really appreciate the Green Owl, and can't wait to try everything on the menu.
Really great restaurant, ate here for dinner, and the next day for lunch. I ordered the vegan jambalaya the first night. It was healthy, not mind blowing, and came with some very well cooked Kale and cornbread.

For lunch I ordered the the TLT (Tempeh, Lettuce, Tomato w/ Avocado). Very common vegan menu feature, but done so well here with the best ingredients. One of the best sandwiches I've had from a restaurant. It comes with a really nice vegan aoli, and great bread. The side potatoes tasted like local produce.

Really great for vegans...my friends all loved their meals.
Dear vegan schnitzel, let's have a baby together.  

Seriously.  I'm not a vegan.  I'm not even a vegetarian, but I really enjoyed the schnitzel at Green Owl.  The serving was on the small side, but seriously America, the serving sizes you get at most restaurants are TOO BIG.  I did not leave hungry, especially since the schnitzel comes with veggie, roasted potatoes, and either a soup or house salad.  

Boyfriend got the crabby cake po' boy, which he enjoyed.  He also pounded down his fair share of a vegan chocolate cake.  I thought the cake was a little too dense, but I'm not usually a chocolate cake gal.  The frosting was nice though.  

They have an interesting beer selection at good prices, but luckily for me, I decided to pass on the booze and try the orange blossom lemonade.  It was heavenly.  

I love the decor and all the cute little owls.  Hipsters would swoon.
i hate to admit it. but i'm more impressed with the seasonal cocktails, the charming decor and the waitstaff than the actual food the restaurant provides.

still, i think this place offers an excellent and much-needed service to the vegetarian/vegan crowd.
Good food.  I am not vegetarian - not even close.  I'll spare you the quote from Pulp Fiction... 

The menu offered many items that sounded good to me.  I had a hard time choosing.  I decided to play it safe.  I had the TLT w/ Avocado and opted for a side of kale crisps.  The kale crisps were quite a surprise.  I was expecting something that looked like a potato chip.  Nope.  They were deep fried kale leaves that were nicely seasoned.  

I probably won't go out of my way to go back there as I am not vegetarian.  However, I won't turn down the opportunity to return with one of my vegetarian friends.
I like the Green Owl, but I think there is a little room for improvement.  They have an extensive and diverse menu, which I really like.  The atmosphere is nice and I love the decor.  I know that they are filling a previously unfilled niche here in Madison.  Unfortunately, my entrees haven't been that tasty.  They are ok, but not amazing.  I'm going to try a couple more options and update.
This is my second visit here.  My first time was when it first opened and there was not a whole lot to write home about.
Tonight it was fantastic!
To begin with, service was a little slow.  It took about 5 min for our server to come and another 10 to get our cocktails.  But she was super nice and apologetic and the tasty drinks made up for it.  My man and I both got the special drink, a ginger snap, which contained yahara bay vodka, ginger liquer, lemon and lemon-lime soda.
To start with I got the black bean chili topped with cheddar and sour cream, although vegan versions of both are available.  It was really really good!  For the main event, I got the faux fish fry, which I have been dying to try.  i was definately NOT disappointed, it was excellent!  It came with 2 "fish" patties, rosemary red skinned potatoes and coleslaw, plus my chili, for $12.  I will definately come back for it, again and again.  My man got the bowl of chili, which he loved, a side of potatoes (really good) and a side of hummus, which was not very good... It didn't seem to have any garlic in it at all and just tasted... dirty.  But everything else was awesome.
Our food was soooooo good that we had to try dessert.  He got a smore dessert, which was a dense chocolate cake topped with a flambeed marshmallow fluff.  I haven't been able to have marshmallow in years, so that was a real treat!  I got raspberry cheesecake, which did not disappoint!  I am really happy with almost everything about this trip and will definately be back for the "fish." again!
We had the stuffed red pepper and tamales. They were both fantastic. Service was very prompt.
So happy it's here!

This place reminds me of the Chicago Diner, which is impressive for li'l ole Madison.  The menu offers plenty of hearty vegetarian and vegan options, made with real food rather than fake meat,  

I had the night's special, shepherd's pie.  The gravy was great - very meat-like, and it featured plenty of tasty, healthy kidney beans.  My friend had the beans and rice dish with steamed kale and miso sauce.  She said it was the perfect dinner after our indulgent yet unsatisfying brunch at Graze earlier in the day.  I wanted to try it, but was afraid I'd have to share some of my meal....

The portion sizes were perfect.  I didn't leave the place feeling like I needed to purge, yet was a happy camper for the rest of the night.  

I also had a great spicy Bloody Mary.  It's nice not having to tell the server to keep the beef stick out of my booze in this town.  

I look forward to returning and recommend this place to anyone willing to try something new.
I was in Madison for a convention at the end of October and when I found out about the Green Owl, I had to check it out.

I'm so happy I did. The place is in a cute neighborhood, the decor is sweet, the food was delicious and the servers were so nice. 

I usually don't order sandwiches because the bread tends to be too filling, but I ordered the BBQ Jackfruit sandwich just because it sounded so interesting. It was fantastic and just the right size. So inventive to use jackfruit to mimic pulled pork. It was tender, sweet and a little smoky. The kale chips were unique and delicious, too. My Dad got the Vegan Schnitzel and loved it.  

Next time I'm in Madison, I'm definitely going back!
I have been meaning to write about this place for months...I was traveling the Midwest (live in California) for work and found this cafe using yelp. I was so excited to find a veg restaurant in Madison. It is located in a very cute little area in what looks like an older part of town. I arrived just after opening and the staff was so friendly. I asked my servers advice on what to have and her suggestions were perfect. The TLA sandwich was so tasty and the cup of chili went perfectly with it. The cafe is also very comfy and I loved the decor. If I ever make it back to Madison, I would defiantly eat here again!
I LOVE this place... this was our first time here and I plan to return often.  I'm a vegan, or should say trying my best to stay vegan which is a challenge when eating out.  The jackfruit bbq sandwich was awesome (and this coming from a gal who used to live in Memphis and knows real bbq.)  And I love faux meat dishes. The tamarind hot and sour soup makes my mouth water thinking about it now as I write this.  I'll keep this short... go there, it's great.  Also, nice decor, nice wait staff, even the restroom was pretty.
As a vegan, I'm thrilled to have a dedicated vegetarian restaurant in Madison, and a block away from my business, no less. It's a great experience to walk into a place and not need to ask about the ingredients in ever dish. Jenny did a great job and the staff is super friendly.

The environment is really enjoyable. They did a great job turning a derelict biker bar into a comfortable restaurant. Lots of reclaimed wood and great personality.

I see a lot of people on here (and others I've talked to) complain about all the "fake meat". I'd like to clarify this point a little. To me, "fake meat" is when there's an effort to create a processed food that looks and tastes like meat, but isn't. For these items, there will be color added and fake flavors.

At the Green Owl, none of those products are used. Traditional tofu and seitan are marinated and served with house made sauces and dressings. Very rich and flavorful. The menu is presented by referencing meat dishes in the descriptions so that people will understand the preparation of the dish. These are not "fake meats".

I tend to get the special of the day, anyway. Always something interesting. The soups are great and the salad bar is a favorite.

I suggest you check out the dessert. Cara is always coming up with something interesting and worthwhile.

My only suggestion would be more all-vegetable dishes that could allow for more of a seasonal focus. But The Green Owl has been a great addition to the neighborhood.
The Green Owl is my favorite restaurant in Madison. Sometimes my body needs food that is fresh, delicious, and delicately prepared that won't put me into a coma and I simply can't afford to spend $50-100 (for two) at a place like Harvest. The food at Green Owl actually makes my body feel invigorated, without weighing me down or depleting my wallet. This is not the fanciest food in the world, but for the price, there's nothing like it. 

The Ceasar Salad, for example, is AMAZING. Whenever I eat one of these at a different restaurant, I can almost feel my arteries clogging up with grease. This one tastes way better and it makes my body feel good! Also adore the Schnitzel and the TLT.
This was a Yelp discovery for us.  We were looking for a nice healthy alternative to the franchise fare and we found it here.  There is a huge menu with all kinds of delicious selections.  We liked it so much we stopped by for a second visit during our long weekend visiting Madison.
Ehhh its ok .... I have had better I got the jamalaya and I thought it wasnt seasoned well, also. But I did love the po' boy  it was GREAT .. SO I guess this place is a hit or miss... also I hate that its not open every day.. I think I tried to go on a monday and it was closed
This place has amazing food for most vegetarians.  I just ate here and had the "BBQ Pork" sandwich.  It was a little too sweet because it had too much coleslaw on it, but once I took it off the sandwich, the two separated were delicious!  We tried the curry and bean (or lentil, can't remember) soup that was their soup of the day, and it was extremely addicting, and so was their vegan ranch dressing I had on my side salad.  I honestly can't wait to go back and try other sandwiches there.

The only 2 reasons I only gave this place 3 stars, though, are:

1. Price - $9 got me the sandwich and a side salad, no drink.  When the sandwich came out, I was pretty disappointed in the size of it.  Sure enough, even with the side salad and half of the soup I split with my husband, I wasn't full after my whole meal.  They need to make these portions bigger, give you more sides, or drop their prices.

2. Service - the place was only half full, and there were 3 waitresses.  Ours was nice, nothing overly friendly or rude about her, just nice.  No one seated us right away, nor was there a sign saying if we should seat ourselves or wait to be seated, so my party of 4 just stood around trying to figure out what to do for about 3 minutes before someone even noticed we were there.  Once we were seated, we had enough time to look at the menu, and our waitress took our order.  The food didn't take too long to come out, but once we did have our food, I asked for more water and my husband asked for some hot sauce.  She only came back with the water after taking another table's order, cleaning the men's bathroom and cleaning 2 tables, by which time I was almost done with my extremely dry meal.  She then came over like she knew all along with the water, didn't apologize for the wait, and filled our glasses and dropped off the bottle of hot sauce (also after my husband was nearly done with his meal).  Lastly, it took her 20 minutes (I'm not kidding) from the time we finished her meal for her to clear our plates and get our checks to us, and that doesn't include running the cards and bringing back our receipts.  

Basically, this is a delicious place for extremely good vegetarian and vegan food, and I'm ecstatic that Madison has this cafe here, but in the future I think I'll just order things to go instead of suffer through 2 hours of my life trying to just eat a quick meal (with nothing to drink).
I am very sad that the Green Owl doesn't live here in Milwaukee.  It's fantabulous!  Great food, warm atmosphere, nice people, what's not to like??

We ordered the TNT (tempeh bacon, lett, tomato w/ avocado) and the curried chick'n sandwich.  Both were fantastic with flavor and the sides were tasty and original (crispy Kale chips?!).  The TNT sandwich was a little on the small side, I have to say, but the flavor made up for it.

Great local beer selection, nice staff (Heather was very accommodating and quick!), cute decor.  If I was a Madisonite, I would be at this place several times a week.
Adorable! Great nice people, cutest anthropologie-esque decor, and great comfort food. The vegan schnitzel, bbq jackfruit sandwich, crabby cakes are all great, but the crispy kale chips were definitely the most addictive. I can't wait to come back!
Disclaimer: I am not a vegetarian or a vegan and I love owl decor.

I have wanted to go here for quite awhile and after reading reviews on here I was intrigued to see what type of experience I would have. It turns out that most of the reviews are true and it just depends on what you get and who your waiter is. 

I got the Crabby Cake Po'Boy with the kale chips. The crabby cake itself was pretty good but the sandwich as a whole was not spectacular. The chipotle sauce was overly hot without the flavor spicy things should have in addition to the heat and the sandwich was mushy. I understand the lack of meat makes things a little less textured but adding a large leaf of romaine lettuce or slices of cucumber would have added a much needed crunch to the sandwich. As for the kale chips, they were very salty, which was elevated by the fact that we never got a water refill and because of that I couldn't make it through my entire side of salty kale chips.

The comments about portion are true, the dishes are pretty small and because of that, I do think the prices are a bit too much but the vegetarian I went with absolutely loved her fake meatball sub made with eggplant. We both agreed that the sandwiches are good (mine would have been a lot better with the added fresh veggies!), the sides are not good (she got the potatoes which were not very good), and the service could have been better. I agree with the other people who said it is odd that they don't use very much veggies and all of the bread is white...they should embrace being a healthy vegetarian/vegan a little bit more and focus more on veggies and less on meat substitute.
I agree with a couple of other reviewers that I wish this place were not so focused on meat-substitute foods, and would have more of a variety of vegetables and grains on their menu rather than soy/wheat-based fake meat. I also agree that the prices are rather high considering that much of the food is homey/sandwich-y fare, with small portions at that. 
That said, I'm very happy to see a vegan/veggie place in Madison doing so well! The food is pretty good (I've gotten the tempeh/avocado/lattuce/tomato sandwich with those crispy yummy kale chips), though I wasn't in love with the dessert my friend ordered us (some kind of vegan cheesecake, which I knew was a mistake from the beginning).
I LOVE this place! The place is clean and unique and the vibe is wonderful! I had the TLT and have never had such delicious 'fakon' before in my life (and I love bacon). I am excited to see more local produce on the menu as the season allows it. I don't quite get why people are complaining about the number of fake meat options. Most restaurants can easily pull off a truly vegetable dish while few places can master the protein alternative. The Green Owl Cafe should be celebrated for its ingenuity. I can't wait to go back.
This place is so cute! I had the TLT Avocado sandwich with Kale crisps and then the mocha chocolate cake for dessert. All vegan and all DELICIOUS. I will definitely be back!
I have never had a bad or even average meal here. My favorite is probably the BBQ jackfruit sandwich at lunchtime.  The interior is gorgeous and the bar has some very tasty concoctions that often feature local spirits.
Maybe the best omelette I've ever had. The right proportions of everything-eggs, veggies, potatoes-and the seasoning was spot on. A relaxed but tasteful place with personality-and friendly college student wait staff. Whenever I'll be in Madison, it will be a priority to return.
How is this place real? Everything I ate was wonderful and I wish it was in my city. I had the BBQ jackfruit sandwich and the curry salad sandwich (we each got one and split them) and they were both wonderful, and not heavy stomach lumps immediately like most fake meat sandwiches (cough cough Chicago Diner.) Roasted red potatoes on the side were also nicely seasoned. I got the orange blossom lemonade, which was delicious and not too sweet.

For dessert - vegan cheesecake. In general, vegan cheesecake is, sorry, pretty disgusting and weird. But somehow, the Green Owl got the consistency of cheesecake EXACTLY right -- it was smooth and creamy, and delicious! I got the special one that had pineapple and caramel and it was seriously amazing. 

The only thing I wasn't super stoked on was the price, but it wasn't too bad; plus, they split the check multiple ways easily and the service was great. Any future trip to Madison will definitely include a stop here for me!
Enjoyed a great brunch here with my husband.  He had the tofu scramble, I had the Wisconsin omelet (beer carmelized onions! Yum!)...we also shared a scone (with coffee, an appetizer of sorts)...and we finished off our meal with creme brûlée for dessert. Everything was so good...the portions were just right, just enough to make us full without making us feel like we needed a nap and some alka seltzer (like some veg restaurants I know of), the atmosphere was relaxed and we felt right at home, waitstaff was very friendly and genuinely sweet, our food was nicely presented and frickin GOOD...even the roasted potatoes that came as a side with our meal were tasty, and even the house-made ketchup was delicious! This place makes me love Madison even more than I already did before. We'll definitely be back and reccommend the Green Owl to friends visiting Madison.
Everything about The Green Owl is excellent. Both the host and server were really friendly, and I ended up ordering one of the sandwiches on special--I can't remember what it was called but it was a mixture of seitan and portabella complete with strips of cucumber, shreds of carrots, slices of jalapenos, and smothered in a delicious sauce. The roasted red potatoes on the side were perfectly cooked and seasoned. 

I really appreciated that the menu clearly designated which options were vegan, and it was so nice to be able to have soymilk in my coffee in an establishment other than a coffeehouse. 

In addition, the decor is beautiful. I can't do it justice with a description, so I'll just say that it was the perfect fusion between clean and modern and natural. If you're in the Madison area, you have to check out The Green Owl Cafe!
The Green Own in a word: FAKE.  Well, more succinctly: FAUX.  As a card-carrying meat-eater, I could eat here weekly and never miss that fat juicy real steak.  I don't particularly like Schnitzel, but the Green Owl Schnitzel is amazing!  Tonight I had the empanadas, which were fantastic in their own right, but the accompanying rice and beans, usually neglected add-ons, were unbelievable.  I could make a meal of that rice alone.  Relaxed, casual, up-beat atmosphere.  All in all, a great experience.  We will be back, no question.
I went here over this past summer. This is the cutest place! I mean it's so CUTE! I love the decor. 

For the very first time in my life I decided to try Kale chips and I am so glad I did it at Green Owl because they were beyond good! I loved them! In fact, I loved them so much that I looked up how to make them on my own. Addicted.

Also, the menu is very creative. I had the bbq Jackfruit Sandwich and it was pretty good. For a minute I forgot that it was jackfruit, and thought hmm something  is different about this sandwich. My fiance was like "hello it's not pork!!" Right. haha.
I had some sort of lemonade drink too, can't remember exactly what it was but it was yum!

It wasn't the best food of my life but it was good and the atmopshere is nice.

I would go back to Green owl 1.) for the Kale Crisp; 2.) it's so cute; 3.) I'd like to try some other things on the menu.
It's always a great find when you encounter a restaurant that looks for inventive ways to serve delicious, healthy food - and The Green Owl Cafe does just that.  My husband loves the BBQ jackfruit sandwich (which on a blind taste test, can be mistaken for pulled pork) and I enjoyed the stuffed red pepper.  Simple in design and flavor, I am also a huge fan of the kale crisps appetizer and have incorporated it into my repertoire of good eats.
The bf and I very much like this place. A.LOT.
we went to Madison for less than 24 hours and about 5 of them were spent here.
everything we had was vegan

day 1 - dinner:  shnitzel with creamy mushroom sauce with roasted potatoes and crispy, steamed broccoli.  jesus christ
jambalaya with cornbread and kale, side of roasted eggplant chili. jesus christ
chocolate lava cake (hot melted chocolate oozing out of a bundt cake, a bit on the drier side but it didn't stop me from licking the plate)

day 2 - linner: greek salad with heeping tabouli and all the fixins plus grilled marinated lemon tofu bites (the tabouli could have used more lemon, but that's just my taste)
crabby cakes - OH GOD. mushroom and tofu formed into moist patties with a chipotle mayo ramoulade. christ
pizza - (on special) un-chicken buffalo bbq with vegan cheese (i actually didn't hate it) and caramelized onions and other goodies. the crust was P.E.R.F.E.C.T.
no dessert this time b/c oh i don't know why.

i need this place...
i love owls. great staff. adorable of course.
Food here is amazing. The TLT (tempeh, lettuce, tomato and avocado) is ridiculously good. The staff is friendly, and happy to offer up suggestions. They also have great soup options every day, It is all vegan and vegetarian fare, but don't let that scare you away! The flavors will make your mouth happy.
I like this place more every time I visit! I've tried just about everything on the menu and all of it is super tasty and fresh. The kale chips are awesome! Even my non-veg guy is a fan of this place.
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in WI... Heck, anywhere.  A vegan paradise!!!  Love the food, the atmosphere... we've met some friends here as well.  The TLT (Tempeh, lettuce, tomato) sandwich is amazing.  I have yet to try anything I didn't like a LOT, including coconut cream pie... mmm... pie :) - ONLY drawback for me is that the coffee comes in a french press...  I love coffee, hate french presses.  For vegetarian dining in WI this is as good as it gets! :)
I've heard good things about GOC.  We had our first "taste" tonight and I must enthusiastically agree with the positive reports!  We will definitely return and recommend to the GOC!  Now after several visits ... Still five stars!
Really liked the food here.  Even though the portions are not huge, i thought it was worth the price.  I especially liked thr main courses I tried: the schnitzel and the 'pork' cutlet with spaetzel.  Both are rare on vegan menus, and both delicious.  The crabby patties were excellent as well.  Service was ok for me, but a large group there seemed to have some difficulty.
This place is great! I am pescatarian, and it is great to find a place where I don't have to compromise. The food is great, and service is really top notch. The prices are very reasonable too.
Wandered in recently before a concert at the Barrymore. Place is absolutely adorable and the staff were so nice. I had a few fairly idiotic questions as there was plenty on the menu I wasn't familiar with. My server was happy to explain and even seemed really excited to talk about what they do.

The menu was so much more "meaty" so to speak than some other places that cater to the vegan/vegetarian market....Meaning you'll find some very filling and unique things like Vegan Schnitzel (Which was delicious by the way) and their take on pulled-unpork and uncrab patties.

Very local and fresh ingredients. Decent prices. Nice beer list and signature cocktails infused in house. 

I am neither a vegan nor a vegetarian and I was very satisfied with my experience. It's work checking out.
Just a great place for vegetarians and non-veg. (like my partner) alike. The Mediterranean platter is full of tasty goodies, had a lovely mushroom cream soup, partner had the yummy shnitzel and I had the great stuffed pepper (lentils, quinoa, good tomato sauce). Nice decor, subdued lighting, reasonable noise level and friendly/helpful wait staff complement the picture...becoming one of my favorite places in Madcity.
I am not a vegetarian, but my wife is. From my non-vegetarian foodie perspective this is really good food in every sense of the word. Started off with some of the mole chili, followed by the BBQ jackfruit. Marvelous layered flavors in both. The jackfruit BBQ satisfied my ever-present longing for pulled pork NC-style. And it came with these great kale chips on the side: freshly made, feather-light. crispy, and lightly salted, and nothing like those widely available rock-hard raw kale chips. Washed it all down with some tasty locally made kombucha (lemon grass, ginger, etc.). They offer many items vegan or non-vegan, if that matters. Some good craft ales and other alcoholic beverages available too, but it was lunch time and I was driving. Nice outdoor seating on a quiet stretch of road. Now I'm looking for some jackfruit here in NY. That BBQ recipe will be mine.
Three rather than four stars reflect my lack of knowledge about vegetarian food as much as anything. I walked inside and back into the late sixties or early seventies (in a pleasant way). Light horizontal planks of finished wood on the south wall, pine green walls in front, with painted light wood silhouettes against a beige (I believe) backdrop toward the rear of the room created a soft atmosphere. A neat selection of craft brewed Wisco beers, a couple bottles of hard liquor, and a sampling of wine sat behind a no-frills bar guarded by lots of owls. Katie, my server, was a very warm young lady as was the owner and the other server. I can look into a refrigerator full of fruit and vegetables with no meat, poultry, or seafood, and not see a meal, but the BBQ'd jackfruit sandwich was really good with simple roasted red potatoes and a pickle. Not a lot of jazz but none was needed. They also get kudos for having Cholula as a table hot sauce. Had a very nice time and would definitely return to see what vegetarian food is about.
The Green Owl Cafe might be my new lover.

I moved to Madison determined to be faithful to my favorite vegetarian restaurant in Boston (well, actually, it's in Cambridge - naturally). But I strayed over to the Green Owl today, and I have a feeling I may stray again.

Many of the dishes here are both approximations of items that include meat, but they still work with the texture and taste of the meat substitute. It's not just, "Remove the meat and let's throw in some tofu." While my BBQ jackfruit sandwich did not taste *just like* pulled pork, the tangy sauce worked with, rather than against, the meaty flavor and stringy texture of the fruit. The "crabby cakes" (tofu and mushroom base, with a spicy chipotle sauce) were simply yummy (that is the most precise description I can think of). The TLT (read: BLT with tempeh instead of bacon) with avocado was divine.

We also loved our desserts (vegan vanilla cheesecake and vegan strawberry shortcake). It is still incredible to me that one can make vegan whipped cream.

Cute decor and nice outdoor seating. Our service was some of the best I've had in years. Our waitress was unfailingly cheerful and seemed to constantly be making the rounds to refill our water, not disappearing into the kitchen for 30 minutes at a time.

I'll be back to try the curry melt, the vegan schnitzel, the jambalaya, and the empanadas. Even the vegetarian meatball sub sounds good.

I also see on their Facebook page that they have monthly raw food dinners. The menu from last month's looks pretty outrageous: cucumber-dill soup, watermelon-tomato salad, hummus and crackers, "BBQ" papaya "steak" with veggie kabobs and corn on the cob, berry cobbler with banana ice cream, all for $25 prix fixe! I'm marking my calendar now.
Who.

Who.

Who hasn't been yet, and why?
so.  feeling a little under the weather.  and i just ran the madison mini marathon, even though i probably shouldn't have. (a "dnf" is just not this girl's style!)  i'm an out of towner and i'm looking for a vegan meal to share with my man.  we hit up the happy cow app looking for something good.  i'm feeling just side of miserable, not really hungry and concentrating hard just not to barf.  he yells out, "how about the green owl?"  he could have said, "how about hardees?"  and i'd probably have agreed.  it was that serious.

but we went.  the waitress brought out some awesome iced tea.  some vegan crabby cakes.  my day started to turn around.  my frown?  well.  it started to miraculously turn upside down.  i told my husband i'd have the empanadas.. but i probably wouldn't finish them.  my stomach was doing flip flops.  i'd probably just pick at them.  they came out, and i fucking devoured them.  when the waitress asked if we wanted to have any after dinner sweets, my husband looked at me sympathetically, knowing i probably didn't feel like it.  

the waitress said, "we have vegan coconut cream pie."

she had me at hello.

seriously.  forget the fork, bring out a shovel.

i felt good eating it... and then seriously ate myself sick again.

i left knowing i ate really good food, but feeling so ill.  i laid across the backseat of our car in mortal pain.  it wasn't you, green owl.   it was me.  

so here's the endorsement:  the food is so good here that you will want to eat it despite the fact that your body is completely wrecked from having the flu, being on some crappy medication, and then having just run a mini marathon.  you will be unable to stop yourself from shoving it in your face!!
My husband had the schnitzel and I had the crabby cake po' boy.  Magnificent!  We also had the caramel cheesecake and I nearly dropped dead.  My only gripe is about the prices.  Just a tad bit too high.   But lordy, I could eat here every day.
All the stuff here IS stuff I would cook for myself, but somehow, it fails. 
The sauces on my greens were too cloying. Also, the fake meat had the wrong texture, and there was way too much of it, everywhere on the menu. The spices fall flat, and I think the chef really wants it to taste like "vegan" health food. I'm not sure what you do to make that happen, but it did. Mid-meal, I wondered "Where is the hummus?"

Above all: none of the entrees are just vegetables.

What?!?!? 
Don't be a vegan if you aren't going to eat the veggies.

Little vegan wanting to share their love of vegan food with your friends? Don't bring your friends here, they will think you're gross. (And you will be, that "pork cutlet" is going to be in your intestines for a week.) Instead, show them the way with some delicious ethnic food or point out the dish you're getting at whatever restaurant. Or, for garsh sakes, sautee some ish.
Legit..easy good food
After trying a vegan chocolate cake from Whole Foods and thinking it was absolutely disgusting, I wasn't sure I'd buy into the vegan deal again.  Alas, my very good friend love love loves this place, so I thought I'd try it with her.  

I had the special that day which was billed as vegan, but I added cheddar cheese - fried green tomato sandwich with spicy aioli, with potatoes.  Woah.  So very very good.  I didn't think that vegan bread could be that good, but it was crusty, a little flakey, but soft on the inside... perfect really.  And... I got potatoes to make sure I was full, and they were pretty good, but I'd recommend the kale chips.  You can get potatoes anywhere.

The wait staff was wonderful - we were there at 3, with zero other customers.  The ladies were chatting and hanging out near the bar, but they were very attentive to us - I thought our server read my mind when she appeared with water just as I was thinking that I'd like more.  She was also gracious with my skepticism... not much more I could ask for. 

Give it a try!
My wife saw a news piece on this restaurant, so we thought we'd give it a try.  I have never eaten in a vegan restaurant before.  I tried the Meatball Sandwich, which had no meat.  My wife had the TLT with Avocado sandwich using gluten free bread.  My sandwich was excellent.  My wife enjoyed her meal as well.  The bread on her sandwich was baked in house, not frozen.  She was amazed at how much it tasted like regular bread.  For dessert, we had Coconut Cream Pie that was Vegan & gluten free and was wonderful.  They really seem to take pride in what they serve and the waitress was very knowledgeable and answered all questions regarding the menu.  We are adding The Green Owl to our list of eateries.
I agree with a lot of the previous reviews.  The food is, for the most part, diner food with clever meat substitutes. Don't come expecting to find robust and imaginative vegetarian entrees with an ethnic flair.  I would recommend Swagat, Himal Chuli, or the Mermaid Cafe for that. 

However, the food is nice when you miss your meaty favorites.  The menu is always a challenge for me because I miss so many of the diner flavors.  I want one of everything!

I had the Tempeh, Lettuce, and Tomato sandwich.  It wasn't bacon, but it did meet my craving for a good BLT.  My dinner companion had the schnitzel and spoke highly of the marinara sauce.  He also raved about the vegan cheesecake.  

I don't see myself craving anything on the Green Owl's menu, but it is very nice to go somewhere where I can order anything on the menu.

There is street parking and a lot that appears open after business hours.  Parking can be tricky on weekends.

The service was helpful, friendly, and welcoming.
From start to finish- our experience was divine!  The soup, entrees and desserts were outstanding!  My non-vegetarian guy did not miss the meat at all.  Green Owl's facebook updates of daily specials look and sound delectable every day!  This restaurant is on the repeat list for sure!
Jackfruit sandwich = cat food & pickles.  No thanks.
Good Food, not just good Vegan Food.

Lunch for four as my daughter was leaving for a month to go overseas.  We picked the Green Owl as being both convenient and vegetarian, meeting our two most important criteria of the day.

What we got was also delicious.  As a meat eater, I am often disappointed by the food at vegetarian/vegan restaurants.   Basically they seem to assume that they get points for being vegan. Blech.

Not at the Green Owl.  I have to say, I would be happy to bring anyone there, and expect to be served food that pleases all palates.  

All four meals were fine, but by consensus the eggplant meatball sandwich was the winner.  Really good, I mean better than most meatballs you get anywhere else good.  

I will say service was slow, and it was not particularly packed (3/4 full?).  Prices were not high, but not cheap for lunch either - 10 to 13 is pricier than most places.  It was for those two reasons that I gave the Green Owl four stars rather than five.

The cinnamon roll cheesecake loved by the three ladies - myself I found the cinnamon to much, but I will concede I am not a huge fan of it.  

I look forward to returning.  For a more detailed review, plus pictures, try my blog review, at: http://foodmadeoflove.blogspot.com/2013/01/green-owl-restaurant-review-madison-wi.html
This is what a vegetarian restaurant should be. There were so many yummy sounding options that I had trouble choosing. The kale and bean soup was fantastic, I wish I could get it regularly. I had the stuffed red pepper. It came out piping hot and very delicious. My daughter had the vegan schnitzel and loved it. 

The service was a bit slow, but was attentive and friendly. If you are in a hurry, let them know. The portions were "right sized," which in today's world can seem a bit small. On the upside, we still had room for dessert, which we loved. 

We found The Green Owl on Yelp as we were driving through Madison. We went there for dinner and it will be our "go to" restaurant when road trips take us through Madison again.
Second time here, and still a fail. I want SO BADLY to like this restaurant. As a vegetarian, it can be hard to find good options at restaurants. However, for me, Green Owl falls flat on flavor and originality.

Last go around, I had the TLT (tempeh instead of bacon) and kale chips. The TLT was just boring to me, and the kale chips too bitter (although, note that I'm spoiled by the chips I make at home).

This go around, I tried the veggie chili and stuffed bell pepper. The chili was full of chunky tomatoes and some onions, but I only found 2 chili beans. The flavor was tomatoey without much spice (if any?). The stuffed bell pepper also had very little flavor, and I couldn't find any almonds or raisins in it (as the menu indicated). It would have been delicious with a variety of different spices, but instead was just another tomatoey-flavored soft mess. My table mates doused their food heavily with salt to make up for the flavor...I couldn't bring myself to add all that msg when some red pepper, cumin, cilantro, ginger, dear-god-anything would really have been amazing!

For those who are vanilla eaters and don't like any sort of spice, this might be your perfect cup of tea. Or, if you're in to all the fake meats--most of the menu options involve fake meats. However, I'd rather eat something that isn't trying to be some meat entree. I'd rather my vegetarian meal stand on its own, as something delightfully yummy for what it is (not what it's trying to be). A focus on vegetables would be a nice touch, too...love my veggies! Vedge restaurant in Philadelphia is fantastic, for comparison...

Oh, Green Owl, good luck...I want to try you and like you. I'll keep an eye on the menu to see if anything changes!
If it were legal, I would marry the green owl and have little green owl babies and spread them all over so that more people could enjoy this fabulous place!

The bf and I were in Madison visiting his folks, and we wanted to try out a local veggie friendly spot. This restaurant not only met our expectations, but exceeded them.

Ordered:
-"Fish" sandwich with vegan coleslaw and tartar and roasted potato for the side.
-Vegan chili with cornbread
-Kale chips

Dessert:
-Raw Tropical Cheesecake
-Vegan Chocolate Lave Cake.

I'm not blowing smoke up their ass when I say everything was amazingly delicious.
My faux fish sandwich was so ridiculously good, and somehow fishy tasting! You would have never guessed that anything on the plate was actually vegan! My bf really enjoyed the chili as well. The kale chips were crisp and flavorful, but just a tad oily for our liking.

The real stars of the show were the INCREDIBLE desserts. The raw cheesecake had some much flavor and the texture was spot on. The vegan chocolate lava cake was heaven sent. Rich and gooey and delicious!

The servers were friendly and the food was served prompt. For those who have never been there, you should probably not be claustrophobic, as many of the tables are very close together. I didn't mind though cause I got to check out all the awesome food that people were eating!

I can't wait to move to Madison and come here on a weekly basis! And their website tells me they have a monthly raw meal dinner?! Sign me up!
I would give The Green Owl 4-5 stars for their food, but unfortunately their service really knocks them down. I came here with my boyfriend last week. After we were seated, it took us a little while to flag down our waitress so that we could order. We split an order of crabby cakes; my boyfriend ordered a bowl of chili with sour cream and cornbread, and I ordered the "meatball" sub with kale chips as a side. The crabby cakes came out very quickly, and they were covered with a delicious creamy sauce. We instantly devoured them. My boyfriend is a meat-eating tofu hater, and even he enjoyed these. Upon bringing out the crabby cakes, our waitress told us that our entrees should be out "very soon."

Our food didn't arrive for another 40 minutes, and our waitress never stopped by to assure us that it was on its way or to explain what was causing the delay. Oh well. The food, once it did get to our table, was delicious. My sandwich was piping hot, the bread roll was crispy, and the eggplant meatballs held up well in the sandwich (they weren't mushy) and were flavorful.

I would've liked to try a dessert, but $6 for an average sized portion was a little too steep. 

I will probably come back to the Green Owl. Even though the service is lacking, there are so many more items on the menu I'd like to try!
Was good...TLT with avocado delish.. Reasonably priced.. I just went there again and had the jackfruit BBQ which was good along with the kale chips as a side that was surpassingly good.
I visited here on my first visit to Madison, St. Patrick's Day actually---appropriate...GREEN owl, get it? So anyway I had the Tofu Scrambler with red potatoes, and my boyfriend got the French Toast. I was impressed with both! I actually never like French toast and I loved this one... 
I also had a French press of the Just Coffee-- very cool that they serve that, and have their own Green Owl roast too. 
The ambiance was nice, too, nice and casual and hip, but the prices were high for the ambiance and neighborhood. 
Also my waitress seemed so hip that she couldn't bother being friendly.
Great food though, greeeeat fooooood.
Get the TLT with avocado - you won't be disappointed! I ate there once while visiting the area and it was great. I wish I had been able to try more offerings on the menu.
Vegans and non-vegans alike can rejoice in this brightly-decorated cafe and order pretty much anything off the menu with the assurance that it will be a mouth-watering endeavor. 

We ordered the vegetarian chili with cornbread, Santa Fe salad, and the "fish" fry special which comes with a side of your choice. Though the fish fry was excellent, my favorite of the three was the Santa Fe salad - it came perfectly dressed in a savory cilantro lime dressing, with generous slices of avocado. The chili was surprisingly flavorful. In all cases, there was a great attention to spices; it's one of the reason why I like vegan/vegetarian cafes since they seem to have this in common. 

The wait staff is fully knowledgable about the food. I asked if there was flour in the "fish" fry breading and I got a run down of the ingredients in both the vegan and vegetarian options - indicating the staff is fully prepared to engage in and anticipate any specific dietary needs. 

Dessert was a slice of vegan-friendly mango cheesecake. There were splashes of ginger, lime, and mint. It tastes just like cheesecake, minus the heavy feeling of swallowing a brick of butter and cream cheese. 

Coffee is excellent, it comes in an individual serving-size french press.
Popped in to TGO for lunch. We had our meal in less than 10 minutes, and it was amazing as usual. If you are looking for vegan comfort food in Madison, this is the place to go. Definitely choose the kale chips as your side. They melt in your mouth!
The service was great, the hostess and our waitress were both pleasant - my water glass was kept full, and empty dishes were promptly bussed away. 

I ordered the featured entree that evening, the Spaetzle, which was topped with red bell peppers and a mushroom sauce that also had onions. Tasty, but heavy! I think I would have preferred my boyfriend's meal though; he ordered the (vegan) schnitzel, which came with an identical sauce as mine. I did get to steal a few bites, and it was really tasty. I think my favorite part of the meal was the side salad (house) and side soup (cajun chili). 

The place was nicely set up, but crowded - there was a couple on either side of us, close enough to touch without even straigthening my elbow! 


Overall, I'd like to head back sometime and try one of the sandwiches instead of an entree. I wouldn't get the spaetzel again, it was just a little too bland.
Really great vegan and vegetarian meals here (they sell no meat on the premises, but do have eggs for brunch).

Make sure you don't miss their orange blossom lemonade, it is amazing! I recommend the bbq jackfruit and vegetarian italian beef (which is a little salty, as a heads up). Their brunch is also very good, but only available on Sunday for a few hours.

Their desserts are all vegan and made from scratch. Their cheesecakes are to die for.
Really good food and service even for omnivores!
Really great place for vegetarians and omnivores alike. One of the reasons I love this place is that it is one of the few places in town that will actually take reservations for brunch. Their meatless dishes actually mimic meat quite well. The decor its kitchy and cute.
Hey.  If I can take my carnivorous Mister here and he can leave satisfied, you know they're doing something right.  True story.  

Being a veg, it's such a treat to get to peruse the WHOLE menu and not have to play the "scan-the-menu-for-something-that-doesn't-say-fish-or-chicken-or-beef-and-settle for-that" game.  And everything I've had here has been good.  Sandwiches are in the $8-9 range and are each served with a side.  Upgrade to a bowl of soup, which I'd definitely recommend - all the soup I've tried here has been delish. Entrees are pricier, but nothing outrageous at $11-13 and each comes with a soup or salad. They seemed to be in the process of re-doing their drink menu (which is good, they're adding descriptions which is nice) and things were averagely priced ($4ish for beers, $6ish for mixed drinks, etc.).  The Bloody Mary I had last time was thick (good) and a bit overly peppery for my taste, but maybe you'd like it... 

Staff & service have been consistently good when I've been here, every time I chat with them about recommendations and they genuinely seem to love the food and want to tell you what they like and why... I appreciate some good honest opinions!

BOTTOM LINE:  Cheerfully painted, well-lit, friendly staff, and  good food..,. definitely a place to check out, vegetarian or not!
My girlfriend and I stopped here on the way through Madison.  We decided to get lunch here at about 2 in the afternoon because we were hungry and had heard about how good this place is.  We were quickly astonished how good this place is.  First, the decor, albiet kitschy was pretty well done and fit with the theme of the restaurant's name.

I don't normally go to vegetarian/vegan only places, but I would go here all the time if this place existed close to home.  The food was freaking amazing.  I started off with the in-house-made orange blossom lemonade.  WOW!!!  Not overly done with the orange blossoms, but it was a major component.  A++ on that!  Then, I ordered the TLT w/ Avocado while my girlfriend ordered the Jackfruit BBQ sandwich.  Both were freaking amazing, although I liked the tempeh on the TLT better than the jackfruit.  I think that's just a preference.  I actually thought the vegan TLT was better than a BLT with Neuske's bacon.  I am out of my freaking mind!  It was SOOOOO good.  I had the side of roasted potatoes, and while they were quite good, I should have went with the kale chips like my companion did.  Those were delicious as well.

We followed up with a dessert of some sort of fresh, vegan, raspberry tart with "ice cream".  The "fake" ice cream and "fake" whipped cream topping were amazingly good, and I didn't know they weren't "real".  Mind you, I've had some preconceptions about vegan food, and The Green Owl has squashed them all.

Vegan food can be AMAZING if done in the right way by the right chefs.

A+++++ I will be stopping here pretty much anytime I drive through Madison.
I came back to the Green Owl this past weekend because I recently "liked" them on Facebook  and keep seeing updates (with drool-inducing photos) of their daily specials (also, the owner commented on my last lukewarm review and stated that an influx of Groupon customers may have been the cause of the subpar service we experienced).

Needless to say, the service this time around was very much improved. This time I tried the curry lentil soup, which was thinner than I thought it would be, but very flavorful. I got the eggplant meatball sandwich again (I came so close to ordering the vegan schnitzel but I caved at the last minute and went with a tried and true favorite). Oh my goodness, it was so good. I actually will be trying my hand at making my own eggplant meatballs next week because they are all I want to eat now! 

I also ordered the roasted potatoes as a side this time instead of the kale crisps (I found the kale crisps to be a tad too salty). I'm glad I made the switch -- the potatoes are delicious. Usually potatoes are pretty ho-hum and are left behind at the end of a meal, but these were perfectly seasoned and cooked, and I love that the skins were left on.

I still have yet to try their desserts. One day I will have to trek over here just for a slice of their cheesecake.
We stopped here for "brunch" in early May 2013 on a drive from Providence, RI, to Billings, MT after seeing yelp reviews for vegan/vegetarian places in Madison. The vegan sausage was delicious and the breakfast food in general was very good (I had vegetarian Nuevos Rancheros with vegan chorizo). The coffee was great after driving about 20 hours. The inside of the restaurant looks really cute, especially the paintings on the wall. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a great vegan/vegetarian place, and look forward to going back for lunch or dinner.
God I love this place.  This time I had un-chikn parm with daiya (yummmmmmmmm). The garlic bread could have been more, well you know, garlicky.  I like me some fresh garlic on my bread.  Salad was delish.  BF had ital seitan sandwich. very good although he was still hungry. He said he expected more seitan on the 'wich. I was refreshed by the arny palmer. soooooo good.  you are still pleasing me!
The mole jackfruit burrito tasted just like pulled pork and they added dairy cheese per my special request! Our crabby cake app was extremely tasty. I also loved the martini mixed with home made herb infused vodka. They were so nice to our kids and brought out a box of toys and plastic owl cups.
In was sort of skeptical of how this place was actually going to be before walking in for the first time. The outer facade definitely screamed hole in the wall, but upon walking in, we were met with a fairly modern interior, friendly and quick service, and above all, very yummy food. 

I had the Middle-Eastern platter (SO good, by the way) and my folks and I shared an order of bread pudding (more like French toast if you ask me), some kale crisps, and a piece of raw Red Velvet "cake". And let me tell you, the red velvet was AMAZING. You've never had beets this way before. 

The Sunday brunch crowd was pretty busy, but we were still able to get a table and get our food in a fairly reasonable amount of time. Prices weren't the cheapest we've ever seen, but it was definitely worth it. I would absolutely go again. You should too!!
I'm not a big fan of vegan/vegetarian food in general, but I think this place has a really cool concept.

I really like how they emulate popular meat dishes from a vegan perspective like Un-chicken Parmesan, Vegetarian Italian Beef and BBQ Jackfruit. 

They also have an extensive and interesting drinks menu, involving very unique mixes like ginger beer and Kombucha. 

I got a Bonfire (specialty drink), Bedlam and Vegetarian Italian Beef with a side of crispy kale.
  
Personally, I didn't enjoy my Vegetarian Italian Beef that much, just because I love real meat too much. However, everything else was good, especially the kale.

This was definitely an unique experience, but I'm not sure if I'll be back just because this isn't really my scene.
I have been wanting to go to Green Owl since following them on Facebook for probably about a year now. I am always intrigued by their delicious-sounding specials and appetizing food photography. So when planning a day trip to Madison, I knew right away where I wanted to go for dinner.

My boyfriend and I started with cocktails. I got their lavender infused gin and lemonade and it was divine! After reading other reviews we decided to order the crab cakes as an appetizer. Thanks for the tip, yelpers! The crab cakes were rich in flavor and the unexpected spiciness complimented them perfectly! I don't think I could go back without ordering them again!  

For dinner, I order the bbq jackfruit sandwich with kale crisps and my boyfriend ordered the fish fry. I absolutely loved my sandwich. The bbq sauce was delicious and coleslaw was very good too. I was underwhelmed by the kale crisps, but probably just because they were hyped up so much on other reviews. My boyfriend liked his fish fry, but the fish filets were rather small and didn't look homemade. The tartar sauce was out of this world though!

I can't wait to go back! The guy next to us had the Italian beef and GD, that looked and smelled great!
Very disappointed. I'm vegan, so I was super excited to try this place. My friend and I split the vegan schnitzel and got soup on the side, a tofu curry. The soup was good, but the entree was all kinds of wrong. The schnitzel tasted like they reheated a frozen patty and put some mushroom sauce on top. The potatoes needed lots of extra salt/pepper to taste like anything, and the broccoli was flavorless. ALL WERE COLD. We were going to get dessert, but decided to get some vegan cupcakes at the Coop down the street. EXCELLENT CHOICE. Wouldn't go again.
Went there on a Friday night with a friend after trying several places nearby that were crowded and had a long wait. We ended up here as a last-resort and I had doubts that the vegetarian-only menu was going to satisfy my palette (I'm very pro-animal but I also crave FLAVAAAA!). This is a very small restaurant and the place was relatively empty. Hmmm... A sign maybe? 

TGO is a cute, cozy little place off of Atwood Avenue in a charming neighborhood. When our server greeted us, I was immediately put off by the fact that she was wearing a nose ring. Sorry, but I just don't think that's appropriate in the workplace, especially the service industry (call me old-fashioned!) She was friendly though, offered some suggestions and complimented the chef on his abilities. I felt a little more confident that my meal preparation was in good hands...

When the meal arrived however, my companion and I were both underwhelmed. We ordered the empanadas and schnitzel, respectively. Very bland, no flavor, small portions, and waaay overpriced. It's as if they just threw our dinner together and forgot to add the seasoning and spices. We both left disappointed, which was frustrating considering we had driven around quite a while and worked up an appetite. We won't be back.
Things that were really cool about this place:
* It's all vegetarian/vegan. I'm a vegetarian. I rarely get this chance to have the WHOLE MENU!!! to look through (and vegans have it much worse). I was a little overwhelmed with the options, but don't worry, I pulled through.
* It looks kinda dirty and dusty from the outside, but then it's beautiful, light, airy on the inside.
* Alcohol!
* You get a tiny French press for coffee

Not as impressive:
* My food :( I ordered the nuevos rancheros, and it just tasted dry and bland. YOU CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER! The scrambled eggs were a little weird, and the kind I would usually make at home, because I fail. Derek's meal -- beer caramelized onions & cheese omelet -- was also pretty tasteless, which is hard to do with beer caramelized onions. Right?
* We were seated three tables away from the front door/bar area. It wasn't a very busy Sunday brunch time, and there weren't customers around us (they were all in the back). So, no surprise that we could hear the "super cool" hipster kid and the other "super cool" hipster kid complaining about stupid customers in general. Things like how customers ask if they have dessert, which isn't listed on the menu but at the front of the restaurant. Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was common practice for customers to get up and look around the restaurant for dessert listings.

I was pretty disappointed. We'll try again, possibly for lunch or dinner next time. Please impress us then!
There's a reason why the two-three star reviews of disappointed palates and deflated wallets share the same webspace as the five-star reviews that seem to feature broken capslock buttons, and read like they're taken out of an eBay customer satisfaction survey:

You have to know what you're getting into when you come here.

As the proprietor herself put it, The Green Owl seeks to:
"...Please vegetarians and vegans--both those who gave up eating meat long ago and those who sometimes still miss it--as well as meat-eaters who eat out with their vegetarian/vegan family members and friends."

Being Chinese, I'll proceed to do the math for you (and enjoy it!) as to what follows logically from that mission statement:


Food:
This restaurant is in no way a celebration of vegetarianism, veganism, or what distinct flavor profiles or textures vegetables themselves can offer.  Whereas Asian cultures, all with a high level of Buddhist influence, celebrate the many variations of tofu like Westerners celebrate cheese (there is popular franchise restaurants in China featuring Buddhist cuisine; all tofu, all the time), this place is expressly trying to make vegetation derived proteins and fibers resemble meat.

In that respect, you can expect your "sloppy joe" or "fish sandwich" to undergo a bit more processing than a meat-based equivalent, to achieve the same desired goal.  Kind of analogous to how much makeup a drag queen needs to put on, in comparison to someone who is female to begin with; in our case, well the flavor just depends on if you notice the eggplant's Adam's apple or not.

Money:
All that vegetable makeup doesn't come cheap!  The irony is never lost on the Engineer in me that even though there's a roughly 10:1 conversion of pounds vegetation to pounds of meat, you can end up paying so much more for the vegetable "equivalent" (debatable, see above.).

Atmosphere:
If you're a vegetarian or vegan, you've probably already noticed that there tends to be a bit more malnourished rhetorical bravado within your demographic (skinny hipsters).  
You're going to get those here.  In fact, you will probably be seated next to one, and he will probably be having a very opinionated conversation with himself (that his "friends" are forced to listen while they wonder why they bothered to go to dinner with this guy anyway) about why the wine this place serves isn't as baseball-glove-flavoured as another vintage.  I'm almost exaggerating, but this guy ruined my appetite more than the food ever could.

Desserts:
These babies deserve a separate section all their own.  Thankfully many desserts may use animal-based products, but at least they don't need to feature them.  In that respect, this place really shines for desserts.  Anything off of the dessert menu can stand in its own right, and there is no noticeable flavor nor texture difference between the vegetarian and vegan offerings.  They are also tastier and more unique than many offerings I've had at slightly more "upscale" foodie establishments in Madison.  Hell, I think this place may receive better reviews if it just became a completely vegan dessert shoppé.

Director's Cut:
My opinions of this location are tempered with the fact that I was a vegetarian for two short, hungry years, and I did it out of stubbornness for my best friend, who was one for most of her life, out of sheer love for animals (took me to a county fair, made me hug a piglet, told me to think about him whenever I wanted bacon).
In that respect, I disliked this place, seeing its menu offerings as an affront to my stubbornness.

At the same time, stubbornness can only last so long, and this place was absolutely amazing to my bestie, who's spent much, much longer than I have walking by every other brat and burger joint Madison has to offer.

So there you have it, take a look at the menu ahead of time, try not to be disappointed by the obvious, cross your fingers that you'll be pleasantly surprised, and if all else fails, jump straight to the dessert!
Oooooo I love this place, I drive from White water at least once a month just to eat here.   I'm vegan and miss the options meat eaters have. This place gives me back that freedom I miss without having to harm a friend.  Thank you Green Owl
This was my first experience with vegan food. It was EPIC! I had the BBQ Jackfruit sandwich with kale chips. The kale was made perfectly and not burned (according to my companion this is difficult) 

We finished with the chocolate lava cake & coconut cream pie. Both were AMAZING! As a non-vegan I was impressed at how much it really tasted like chocolate. I would say these desserts tasted better than any desserts I have ever had!
I never thought I'd find a good vegan/vegetarian joint until my sis-in-law took me here. I recently turned vegan and knew my choices at restaurants would be limited when I eat out. I was super excited to discover this place! 

Service was awesome. Very friendly and laid back. Most impressively, they seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs and the philosophy behind this cafe. I felt at home here!

I went back the next day and the same waitress remembered that I enjoyed the white sauce for my red roasted potatoes so much that she offered to give me some with my two-year-old's order. The place is aesthetically pleasing as well.
I want to love this place so much... The cocktails and desserts are fantastic, but the food is a different story.  VERY small portions for the high prices they are charging.  The quality of the food is good, but the menu is boring and the dishes need more spice.  Change it up a little and please stop charging so much for such a small amount!  Did cooks change recently?  I feel like the portions were better sized in past months.
Surprisingly good. I don't usually like imitation meat products but these were tasty and the restaurant had a nice "fancy" vibe to it. The three non-vegetarians I took there seems pleased with their meals and dessert. 

I thought the dishes were a reasonably good imitation of meat, but I'm not really a good source for judging that as I've been a vegetarian for over a decade.
I spent my birthday dinner at The Green Owl last night, and it did not disappoint!  

There was a short wait, but we ended up eating at the bar which meant enjoying the good company of the great bartenders and waiters.  I loved their selection of homemade vodka infusions, and I enjoyed a cocktail made from chai vodka and coconut  milk.  Delicious!

All of the food we tried was amazing, from the crab cake appetizers to the schnitzel (vegan schnitzel?!?) to the TLT.  My only complain was that the kale chips were super dry and flavorless, but that's pretty minor since I didn't go there for the kale chips.  We also loved their great selection of desserts, and it was a nice touch for the waiter to bring me a glass of soy milk to go with my chocolate cake!
This place is incredible.  So nice to have a great vegetarian restaurant in Madison.
I have eaten here multiple times. On a note of service, some of their best servers don't even work here anymore and I can't imagine what it's like now. The last time I went my server forgot our appetizers completely. In a completely empty restaurant.

If you're a regular here, you're a regular. It's because you've came here from when it first opened and still reminisce about how things were.

For being so pro vegan, you'd think they'd buy food local. They don't. That Sysco truck is big and shiny and isn't doing much for it's vegan name.

There are more reasons that people don't eat meat than just morals. It's flavor, too. And this restaurant provides a lot of imitation meat instead of focusing on making food from scratch that doesn't include making food that tastes like roast beef.

The Green Owl, although thoughtful and a great idea, is poorly executed. Small portions and high prices. Anyone notice that the menu hasn't changed at all?

It's time for a new executive chef and new and interesting approaches to cooking cruelty-free and supporting local.
Polite, clean atmosphere. This staff has the right attitude & this is my favorite smaller restaurant in Madison. Eat here to feel good afterward, but don't invite sulkers who prefer bloating themselves with greasy fare and big pints of beer. They can go next door to Alchemy.

Their caesar salad with grilled tofu is my recommendation.
So excited to see a vegan restaurant in Madison!! The place is super cute and has amazing food. Everything was really fresh and tasty. They have a kids menu which is a plus in my book. My only complaint was that the service was really slow.
The Green Owl is great, because it has all the ingredients that Madison foodies want, but it isn't pretentious. I love the TLT!
Being a vegetarian, a vegan/vegetarian restaurant should come naturally but I've been to a surprising few I was not a fan of for one reason or another - this is not the case with Green Owl.

Service - Always pretty good with pretty minimal slow-downs. Food arrives promptly.

Prices - Prices seem fair in general although some appetizers seem too high(like Crab Cakes are tiny for a big price). Maybe it's not the portion size that matters but its the first thing you see.

Foods - I'd say this is one of the largest variations when it comes to Green Owl.. its very possible to get something you don't like or like a lot if you try something new. I don't say that in a bad way but some of the recipes are pretty varied and not "safe" for everyone. For instance - the Kale Crisp side was not something I'd like(I'm sure some people out there might like it). But for the rare things I don't like, there is a lot I've come to love such as the "meatball" sub, italian "beef", faux fish stuff and others. I think that is what I really enjoy about the Green Owl is they are constantly offering new things daily while maintaining a very interesting menu. There is still a lot I want to try there.

Special Bonus - I'd say the Green Owl has my favorite Bloody Marys although, strangely, lacking in the "toppings" department.. if they had Celery & Pickles they'd probably easily be my favorite overall Bloody Mary but the liquid/mix/vodka is absolutely heavenly. Try it !
Outstanding -- I'd eat at the Green Owl every day if I lived in Madison.  The vegan selections were varied and the food was a delight.  Appreciated the friendly service and clean environment.  Even though I was just visiting, I felt at home right away, as if this were a vegan place down the street from me in Chicago.
I like this restaurant but I just don't love it.  Since I am a Veg I will keep coming back and I am sure that I will find some things that I love.  The presentation is beautiful.  The staff is friendly.  I have been there twice now and the food is a bit bland.  But, like I said, I will try again!
Best Sandwiches- actually, in general best vegan dinner spot in town. I never have to worry if there's meat or dairy in my food :) and raw food nights are amazing!
Honestly, the TLT avocado sandwich BLEW my mind. Green Owl, you have my heart.
Favorite as favorite can be. Loved the Kombucha Tea on tap firstly, and the mushroom vegan crab cake rock. Soups are also so delectable at this quaint little joint!
The food is pretty tasty. I love the vegan fish fry sandwich they serve on Saturdays. The TLT is also very good and brunch is fantastic. I only wish they also had some brunch items available on Saturdays or at least a breakfast menu. Sometimes it would be nice to have waffles or pancakes on Saturdays. Service is great and prices are reasonable.
I travelled to Madison on business and could not convince anyone from my group to come with me (daw, really I wanted a party for 1, I needed some quality time with myself).

After a couple of attempts at getting a vegan meal -- which sometimes people think is whatever dish someone else would eat minus the meat and dairy -- Green Owl delivered a complete, delicious dinner that didn't leave me depleted. It was the best meal I had during my trip.

Green Owl was recommended to me by a friend, and reinforced by the hotel guy who drove me over. 

Big honking YES to this restaurant! 

Being a sometime-mostly-tryingtobe vegan, but also a dairy intolerant person, I am always delighted and overwhelmed when I can try anything and everything on the menu. 

I went on instinct:
Curry melt with vegan cheese, side of kale crisps, a glass of kombucha (they rotate flavors, and it is locally made, and very very good), also packed up a vegan mango cheesecake because I never get to eat cheesecake. It was so amazing, all of it. 

Service was great, place was clean and had little touches like the owl perched by the back window and really cool light fixtures. I felt satiated, happy, and impressed, and far happier with this meal than the expensive must-try steakhouse downtown. 

I highly recommend this restaurant. I give no hoot if you are wary of vegan fare, give this place a try. I will make every attempt to return on future trips to Madison.
Great homey food and atmosphere.  I had the quinoa stuffed red pepper which was flavorful and filling.  We had a very friendly server and the restaurant atmosphere is very cozy and comfortable.  The only downside was that there was a pretty long wait for the food.  We received our salad and kale chips along with our meal, although it would have made more sense to get those first to make the wait for the food less significant.  I would recommend to vegetarians and non-vegetarians who are looking for a healthy and flavorful meal.
Me likey! 

As a vegan I get asked my thoughts on The Green Owl all the time. It's the only vegetarian/vegan restaurant in town, so I'm bound to have a firm stance, right? Well... not really. Until now, I'd only been once and I had a salad, which is, like, the most snooze-worthy thing you can get.

I went back on a gorgeous summer night and grabbed a table outside. With a Bike Benefits deal I had the option of $1 hummus or a $2 beer. I chose beer. I will ALWAYS choose beer. I ordered a Furthermore Knot Stock to drink and Grandma's Veggie Loaf to eat. The vegetable-walnut loaf came with a tangy tomato glaze, mashed potatoes, and broccoli. The loaf was realllllly tasty and I scarfed it down in about 45 seconds. My dinnermate loved her TLT with avocado (that's tempeh instead of bacon, folks!). I had a super solid time and thought everything was tasty. ME LIKELY A LOT.
Good solid vegan food. The entrees seemed on the small side to me, but everything was tasty. The restaurant tends more toward the less healthy end of the vegan spectrum. I call this vegan comfort food, which I really enjoy sometimes. There were not nearly enough vegetables with my food, and adding a pile of vegetables would have made a big difference, both in the size and healthfulness of the meal. The service was friendly, but scattered. Maybe they were having off day. To their credit, they did get me everything I requested. I am visiting from out of town, and I will definitely come back for the good treats, especially the incredible dessert menu. I am vegan and gluten free, and easily met my food needs here.
Solid homemade-style vegetarian food. We LOVED the raw tacos made made with romain lettuce and filled with avacodo, salsa and walnut chorizo so much that we ordered them again for desert! :)

We also had the Gramma's veggie-walnut loaf which was delicious and the Madison Philly with thin-sliced seitan which was enjoyable but could use a little extra punch.
The best place for vegan love in town!

had the meatloaf plate. SO GOOD.  and huge.

If you like coconut, you MUST get the coconut cream pie. 

And their boozy drink specials are legit.
Absolutely delicious. Got the jackfruit quesadillas, the vegan Caesar salad, a cocktail, and the two special vegan cheesecakes. Everything was seasonal, fresh, and really innovative. The service is also really good. It's a great place to eat outside, also!
My absolutely favorite place in town! For me, part of the fun of dining out is deciding what to order, and the more options from which to choose, the better. As a vegan, I cannot overstate how wonderful it is to go into a place where the majority of items are vegan. When I go into pretty much any other restaurant in town, I scan the menu and the choices are narrowed down to one or two--that's like having my choice made for me! Plus, that also means that even if the dish is good, I won't frequent the place because who wants to eat the one same thing over & over?

That being said, the food at Green Owl is spectacular. Creatively & thoughtfully prepared, and whether you're looking for uber-healthful raw food or somewhat decadent "comfort food", you'll find it at the Green Owl. Some reviews on here have complained about the prices, but bear in mind that the Green Owl chef attempts to keep ingredients locally sourced, and the presentation is artful. This isn't some Sysco stuff slopped onto a plate!  In other words, worth every penny!

If you're vegetarian or vegan, this is the place for you. And I've brought several omnivore friends who loved it as well--and came back to the Green Owl on their own!
This place has lead me to write my very first yelp review. Incredible. I've lived in Madison for a long time, and have always been side tracked by The Alchemy. I had the artichoke dip and it was the best I've had in my life. Entrée was the peanut noodle stir fry. Waitress was spot on. No complaints. This place rules.
Mellow Mushroom is finally in Phoenix.  They're up on Happy Valley Rd. on the NE corner of I-17 and Happy Valley, in that Norterra shopping area.  It faces Happy Valley, so it's easy to find.

Their specialty is pizza with fresh & premium ingredients, somewhat similar to California Pizza Kitchen.  The crust on my pizza today was moist and chewy on the inside with a tad of crispness on the outside.  Sauce had a "bright" sweet tomato flavor, and the cheese was very thick and chewy - almost as if I had ordered extra cheese on the pie.  Pretzels were very good too, very chewy like the ones you see in the mall vs. the traditional German variety.

Great selection of beers (35 taps) and happy hour at 3pm.  So, if you're happy, find yourself at happy hour on Happy Valley Road - then why not have a pint of ale and a fresh pizza at Mellow Mushroom?
This location just opened,2nd visit and I give it five stars.The pizza was great, the pretzels have no rival. The Greek salad was loaded with veggies. I know if this kind of quality food continues this place will be a huge hit at Noterra.The service was good my only critique would be don't apologize for a 20 minute wait for pizza what good pizza doesn't take sometime.We look forword to more yummy food.
I'm a beer nut. I love Rogue, Stone, and any other west coast craft brews. When saw a picture in new times with a half dozen Rogue taps, I knew I had to go. We decided to wait until they had been open a few days and could get the hang of things.

So, Sunday night we drove all the way up to the north suburbs into some sterile power center with all the usual suburban crap. I was overly delighted to see pictures of downtown Phoenix all over the place. There are probably a couple dozen photoshopped shots around the restaurant. It definitely made me feel like it was at least not 100% a carbon copy chain restaurant, even though it is a chain, but it's probably franchised. 

The wings I would not order again. The quality of them seemed to be fine, and they were baked rather than deep fried, but they were so small that it made me feel a little ripped off. They were about 1/2 the size of the wings from NYPD and about 1/3 the size of Streets of New York's. I then ordered the Rogue Chocolate Stout and the girlfriend ordered a Rogue Juniper Ale, both on draft, along with just about everything else, including Chimay tripple... nice! Pizza was a Kosmik Karma, which was a vegetarian pizza and was tasty enough, but was a completely average pizza. Nothing was crispy, nothing was jumping out at me, but it was edible. I'd had much worse. 

The place is VERY chaotic. It's loud, busy, and has people running around everywhere. And, as you'd imagine on the northside, there are plenty of white trash families running around, lots of 15 year old girls in skate shoes and famous stars and stripes hoodies, and lots of lifted trucks. Be prepared to eat with a lot of douches. Service was excellent, though. I'd return if I were in the area, and while it's nice to have something to fall back on in that situation, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back since really the only draw for me are the beers.
I ate at a Mellow Mushroom this summer in Arkansas and it was really good so I was a little disappointed by this place. It was wild and crazy on Saturday evening with lots of families and kids and the freaking music was blaring. We hadnt even looked at the menu and I asked JD if he wanted to just get it to go, but we stuck it out. 

Waiting for our food I saw two different guy server's underwear hanging out of their baggy-ass pants, which is so ridiculous. I can't believe the managers let them dress like that at work. All I can think is "at least they have underwear on". Gross

We split a chopped salad that wasn't bad, but I switched out the Esperanza (house) dressing for ranch because it was just a little too tart for me. 

The pizza's came and JD's Funky Q chicken was really good but REALLY hot. My White Pizza wasn't as hot or as good. I was most disappointed with my pie's crust to toppings ratio. It was alot of crust. Their crust is good, but who wouldnt rather have more cheesy goodness instead?? The crust is really good though. And both pizza's tasted even better cold the next day!

One weird thing about the service was that when the pizza's were brought out we weren't given plates (?) we just ate off of the pizza pans. I kept looking at other tables to see if we were the only ones who were plateless and basically we were but our waiter was MIA and no one else noticed so whatever.

Our waiter resurfaced and went to get me a diet coke refill but never came back with one so I helped JD with his regular coke. All in all it wasnt terrible, but it wasnt great either. I will chalk everything up to being new and go back again sometime. I just hope the servers pull their pants up.
The place finally opened, with a name like Mellow Mushroom, we were wondering what the fuss would be all about.  The place was packed on a Monday night.  The theme is interesting, a lot of subtle references to the hippieness that seems to outline this restaurant, waiters were wearing shirts that say "Baked Since 1974", the appetizers are called munchies... Hilarious.   It was loud, so loud that the music was faint, to a point where it was a little irritating, though the atmosphere for a Pizza place has a lot of potential. 

The decor is interesting aswell, a few photographs of Phoenix as it is today, which shows the owner's love for the locals and this valley.  The food as I witnessed was fair, intresting combinations on their specialty pizzas, on paper that is.  When the pizzas slowly came out of the kicthen  there was a lot of dough surrounding the toppings in the center of the pie.  Honestly, the pizzas were not there yet, as far as taste and presentation, surely and hopefully that is only due to newly trained staff in the kitchen. 

Double orders were flying out, clearly miscommunication from the waiters to the kitchen...  Give this place a couple months at least, they should have their act together by Valentine's day. Let's hope.  The Stuffed Portebello "Munchy" (appertizer) was very good, though when it came with some really nice mixed greens on the side as an accompanying salad, it was overpowered  by a very thick balsamic glaze (supposedly a reduction)  The dish would have been perfect without the overdrizzle of that dark thick sauce...  Overall, it looks like the Mellow Mushroom is possibly working out their kinks, though the waitress should have never admitted that to our faces. 

There's potential, the menu is clean and simple, the staff must now back the reputation of this unique Pizzaria, since it does have to compete with Sauce, around the corner with very tasty dough and a much more professional cooking staff.  Possibly the best thing it has going is the extensive beer list that is on tap, the Purple Haze is okay  and very popular, the Apricot beer there is something else.  Good job on those GM, though pretzels? Stick to the theme: Pizza.
We recently tried Mellow Mushroom once we saw that it finally opened after seeing the signs for quite awhile.  Part of our motivation was a coupon for a free appetizer that we received in the mail.  Headed there for a late lunch on a recent weekend.  Thought it would be crowded due to the lunch time hour, but we were able to get a seat quickly, with plenty of tables available.

We ordered the Capri salad as our appetizer.  This was okay...part of the problem was the tomatoes weren't great (I know, not in season right now), but the mozzarella they used was so-so at best.  The slices weren't very big either.  For our meal, we were going to share a half meatball hoagie and a small Kosmic Karma (pesto, spinach, sd tomatoes, feta) pizza.  (I must not have been listening to my wife, because we only shared the pizza, and I got all the meatball hoagie, score for me!)  I also ordered a root beer from the tap.  All of the food was very good.  I really liked the pizza, and the meatball sub was quite tasty as well.  Both also reheated well the next day in the toaster oven.  Other than the salad, the food was really good, and I'm looking forward to going back to try some other things.

The service was okay, still some kinks since they had just opened.  It was super friendly though.  One thing I might be apprehensive about if I were to eat there on a regular basis...it seemed like the prices were a little bit high...not sure why, but seemed like a huge jump in price from their small to their large pies...but they tasted good so they have that going for them.  Pretty sure I'll be back.
a coupon came in the mail, and g and i had been looking forward to mellow mushroom opening for the last few months. we wandered in sunday afternoon, and i was a bit nervous - our neighbor warned it takes a looooong time to eat there. we asked to sit in the bar, which was a good size and had a ton of beers to choose from. our server had a list of them and kindly left it with us to peruse. in the end, g decided on his standard, a miller lite, which was only available in the canned form. it cracked me up to see him drinking a canned miller lite in a restaurant ... it was like we were at home. 

we started with (free with coupon) pretzels. six to be exact, brushed with garlic and parmesan.  they were killer. loved those pretzels. they'd be great to share with a group at happy hour - each one is good sized and you can order 3 or 6. they take about 20 minutes (noted on the menu) and are worth the wait. the main event was 1/2 chicken jerk sandwich for me, 10-inch pepperoni pizza for him. i don't know who needs a whole sandwich; the 1/2 was giant and more than enough for me. my sandwich came out on white bread (i asked for wheat) but it didn't matter because it was tasty, and all the ingredients appeared fresh except the pineapple, which looked and tasted canned. i appreciated that the 1/2 sandwich was $4 less than the whole ... i hate those places that sell you a 1/2 sandwich for $1 less than the whole ... where's the fun in that? g's pizza was really, really good at the restaurant and re-heated for dinner. if you have leftover pretzels, reheat in the oven at 350 for 10 minutes for yummy take two. pizza took a little less than 10 minutes in the oven to reheat.

service was great with no issues. i didn't feel like we were there too long, drink refills were prompt and our server was attentive without being annoying. the restaurant is hip and cool, inviting and family friendly as evidenced by the plethora of children dining with their 'rents on sunday. the atmosphere was casual and the tunes were pretty good. as we were finishing our meal we noticed the bar stocked jeremiah weed, which i haven't noticed in any other bar - that was pretty neat-o. and yes yelpers, this is a franchise, and a damn good one. i'll be back.
Decided to give Mellow Mushroom Pizza for lunch. The service started out good but as typical for a new chain restaurant, they never came back until it was time to pay. 

The Pizza was good but the "chain pizza" crust reminded me of Hungry Howies. The auto pizza oven was not running the belt quick enough and the crust was so tough I could hardly cut it with a knife.

meh
This was just ok. I got the steakhouse salad, which came with four pieces of meat the size of quarters. I'm sorry, but that's no $13 salad. I had to send it back, because I asked for the meat to be cooked through and it was rare.

My dining partner said her pizza was tasteless.

It was very loud.

In all, it was too much money for what we got. We won't go back.
In the Anthem area, you are somewhat limited in your options when it comes to decent pizza. This is what led us to venture over to the Mellow Mushroom yesterday, as we decided that it was time to investigate this new spot. Around 6pm the place was pretty busy, but there were a few open tables still left and we were seated with the quickness at a booth near the bar. They have several nice, flat screen tv's and we got to catch part of the beating that the Sabres gave the Coyotes. As others have pointed out, it's not exactly quiet inside, but I didn't presume that I was going to be dining at a library so this didn't really bother me. The restaurant was clean and looked nice and new, so no complaints on the atmosphere from me. 
Now for the important part...the food. We ordered several items to share so that everyone could sample a few different things. As for the pizza, I thought it was decent, with a thicker dough-y crust and a nice, sweet sauce. I tried a bit of the Italian sandwich, and I was impressed with the real mozzarella, not bad, but I don't really dig onions and this sandwich had a lot of 'em. I also had about half of a meatball sub, and this was the highlight of my meal, it was just right and really hit the spot.
Service was excellent, and I can only assume that they'll continue to get better as the place was still fairly new. Nice work, Mellow Mushroom, we'll be back.
Extraordinarily unimpressive. Set in the corner of a massive strip mall, the new building was soulless & noisy. Service & price are decent. However, the food is forgettable. A "Greek" salad consisted of: Iceberg lettuce, white onions, green peppers, cherry tomatoes, feta, pepperoncini, a few kalamata olives, & Caesar dressing. Iceberg & Caesar dressing?!  That's "Greek"?!  The cheese pizza was missing flavor & seasonings. Tried several methods of  "spicing it up" - with the addition of fresh basil, red pepper flakes, cheese, salt, pepper, even the Caesar dressing. While the texture of the crust was perfect, overall, the pizza was lacking. Comparable to an old Domino's pie, or even like a thin Costco Pizza. Especially disappointing when compared to several other independent pizza restaurants in the valley. The hippie-ish tripper theme suggests you would need to be high to enjoy this pizza joint. Mellow Mushroom, meh.
Overall I had a good experience here.  I appreciate a place that offers vegetarian options since I don't eat beef, chicken, or pork.  

The tortilla soup was vegetarian, which is nice, but it was a little too spicy for me.  It seemed more like chili.  

Their bbq chicken pizza (without the chicken) was very good.  Nice bbq sauce.  I agree with other reviews that mention the crust being very big and thick, but I really like a thick edge crust sometimes, so I was fine with it.  

I had a make your own sub with tofu.  It was pretty good, but I do wish they would put more effort in to the preparation of the tofu.  It was not the firmest, and needed more time on a grill.  It was a bit mushy.  

Service was good.  I would go back again, but if you're gonna have vegetarian options......get the tofu right!
I had a decent idea what I was getting myself into when I pulled into the parking lot. The placed seemed gimmick-laden and looked costly. Costly pizza generally doesn't make much sense to me, but exceptions can be made. Exceptions won't be made for Mellow Mushroom.

My wife and I went on a Friday, early evening, in time for happy hour. The beer selection was better than average, but the pricing was unreal. Seven dollars for a 21 ounce beer is pushing it at a restaurant. That is arena pricing in my book, but since it was happy hour, half the price made it acceptable. My wife attempted to order one of their signature drinks, but was halted due to a lack of mint. The server told her to pick another drink and she'd come back. Ten minutes later, and after my wife picked a new drink, the server came back in the Mojito. She never acknowledged my wife asking my wife to select a new drink. We then attempted to order an appetizer, only to be told that they were out of a key ingredient for that dish as well.

This is when I grow irritated. 

We were with the in-laws, so we ordered a pizza, calzone and a sandwich. Those being the main offerings of the place. The pizza combination were rather odd, but we could have constructed our own if we desired to. That was a mistake on our part. The pesto from their signature pizza was overwhelming and coupled with the mushrooms and jalapenos was largely uninviting. My father-in-law's calzone looked excellent and he seemed pleased. My sandwich came ten minutes later due to our server putting the order in improperly. It wasn't anything spectacular.

The bill was a bit high and even all of the miscues didn't prompt the manager or the server to offer any compensation or deductions. 

Not interested in returning, on account of the service and the fact that if I want to truly spend on pizza, I'm already well aware of many better places.
I wanted to really like this place and gave it two tries.  And I will probably go back.  The pizza IS good.  The dough is quite flavorful.  I had the Mega-veggie and it was indeed loaded with excellent toppings.  Not cheap, but that pizza fed me for three meals!

However, both times my order was screwed up resulting in incredible wait time and comping of my meal.  Staff was apologetic both times, but....  

As the place is new, perhaps that explains the messing up on my orders.  So I will give them another chance.

Decor is not sumptuous or warm - all concrete and steel with no padded seating.  This will be fine in the summer.  But in the winter it is uncomfortably cold in there to me.

Three strikes and they're out.  I'll be downgrading my rating after another visit if necessary.
Why did I think going here was a good idea?

For some reason, I thought that Mellow Mushroom was going to be some kind of pizza bistro, with emphasis on the 60's. Boy was I wrong. 

First off, this sports bar doesn't know what it is. Being a graphic designer, I know about the funky concept of branding, which this upscale TGI-Fridays completely tosses out the window. From the 60's font on the outside of the building, to the Modern skyline artwork on the walls, to the 10 different genres of t-shirts the servers wear, this place is chaotic and terrifying. 

And the food experience was even worse. 

First off, we got the Artichoke dip, which was ok. It was hot, which was nice, but I prefer a nice crust on the top of mine, which didn't happen. 

Then came the 45 minute wait for our pizza, which was then delivered to another table. 15 minutes after that, our server realized what happened, and to be fair, she was very apologetic, and it wasn't her fault, it was the fault of the runners. So, they made up another pie, and a manager gave us a comp meal and 2 free pizzas, which is nice and earns them a star. 

As for the pizza, we got the buffalo chicken pizza, which really needed more chicken and hot sauce. Most of what I had was a cheese & ranch pizza. The chicken was tasty, though very sparse, and the hot sauce was tangy, which is what I expect. I only wish there was more. 

The dough was very good though, and the pizza tasted decently cold the next morning. Slight hints of sweetness come through the crust, which was nice.

However, the disaster that occurred there, along with the schizophrenic atmosphere has chased me away for good. I will be using those coupons though when the time arises.

Lastly, looking around at other tables, I do not recommend the Pretzels. I see that there is an image of them on here, DO NOT BE FOOLED. I see NO reason to have to wait 20 minutes for Pretzels that are not even the size of a hand.
I am a sucker for promotions, and the last time we ate at MM they gave us a card good for a "special" prize that could only be revealed by our server on our next visit. I think this kind of thing is genius! I carried the magic card in my wallet imagining what my prize would be. Turns out it was a free calzone. Bonus!

We happily order the meatball app, which comes out looking delicious and doesnt disappoint one bit. Three skewers with giant meatballs attached with a slab of mozzarella floating on a hot pond of marinara and sprinkled with parmesan and what seemed like bits of crouton (?). I love me some meatballs and these were definitely not balls to pass up!  

For din, I asked to turn my "free cheese calzone" into a chicken one and pay the difference, but our waitress informed me that was not at all possible. I pretty-please asked her if she would just check with the manager on duty for me to see if it could be done. She agreed and of course she came back and said "yeah we can do it". Ok, great. JD ordered a plain pepperoni personal and he was happy with it. Good crust, lots of pep and gooey cheese. My chicken calazone came out looking like two giant cornacopia's of dough, cheese onions, peppers and chicken. It was massive and they had split it in half and just a half was a hulk of a serving. It came with hot marinara sauce on the side for dipping or just pouring over. We were all over that baby and the waitress even commented when we were finished that we did "better than most people" who order their calzones. Was she saying we were cows? Maybe, but I was too full and happy to care. 

All in all, it wasn't amazing and I still prefer other places calzones (Spinato's, NYPD Pizza) but if are a calzone lover I'd say give MM a go-round. 

*****I didnt see one waitperson's panties this time, major bonus!
Not sure how u can not love this place! The pizza is the best Ive ever had the pretzels well that just kicks A**. My husband and I tried this place because we just happened to drive by. We will now make this our regular Pizza joint. Our server was also wonderful!!
I was surprised to see so many medium-to-negative reviews about this place. My wife and I went last Thursday night and we were incredibly impressed.

Mellow Mushroom is a dine-in restaurant, so it is a little pricey. But it's easy for two people to share a medium pizza and an appetizer and get out for less than $30, which is pretty average for your typical dine-in experience. There is a bit of sticker shock if you order carry out (three pizzas and two appetizers to go can run you $75)

But, having said that, it's worth it. I've been on a quest to find the best pizza in Phoenix and upon first bite Mellow Mushroom was easily in my top three. Their hand-made pretzels are fantastic (try the Garlic Parmesan) and the pizza is most excellent-- I get what I always get to test the water, pepperoni and mushroom, and I was very impressed.

The atmosphere is pretty cool too. Unless you were a sheltered child, you can probably tell that this is a hippie themed kind of place with hints of stoner undertones. Say what you want about that lifestyle, but potheads know their pizza. Our server, Chris, was very friendly and was happy to tell us all about the company history--which is a fun story too.

We tried it on a whim, and we had a great experience. I highly recommend giving it a shot if you're a fan of pizza. Their half-white-half-wheat dough makes a really interesting flavor and the texture is slightly chewy yet crunchy on the bottom, it's excellent.

They also have a promo right now, if you go in there and get one of their business cards, you can bring it back between 2/15/10 and 2/28/10 for a random prize--drinks, pizza, etc.

Bottom line: I loved it.
I have read some of the reviews and being a bar owner I can tell you this place rocks for beer selection. The pizza is very good but is pricey. $7.00 beers are not expensive if you know what a barrel of micro costs. I go there once a week and have not been disappointed and I highly recommend Rouge Chocolate Stout while waiting on your pizza. I normally drink 2 twenty ouncers and the pie is ready. Yea pricey but you get what you pay for.
Pizza and fresh pretzels how could you go wrong? We ended up getting "The Philosopher" which had kalamata olives, portobello mushroom caps, artichoke hearts with an oil and garlic base. The best part was that it came with steak initially and they put it on the side for us so I could still enjoy my protein. Next time I am going to try the salt and mustard pretzels.  After the pretzels, a 14inch pizza and 1 ice tea we bounced with a little under a 30$ bill which seemed a little much but it was good and they took good care of us.
This place is so unbelievable. I have been in the industry and have managed, cooked bartended and served. This place is everything a rest. should be. The pizza is awesome thanks to the amazing whole wheat crust and the super fresh ingredients. 
The barb is inviting with multiple HD tvs, a nice random music mix, a fun loving staff and 36 beers on tap, mostly micros and great!!!!
I have nothing but great things to say about this place.
Mellow Mushroom is all about Happy Hour. Since Mellow is located between my place of employment and my house, I frequent Mellow Mushroom for happy hour at least a few times a week.

The bar layout is great! It's a horseshoe bar with 15 or so bar stools, which are always filled, and some scattered tables and booths in the bar area. There is also a patio out the back door which is attached to the bar. The bartenders are rad, but sometimes get over worked with orders. Mellow Mushroom is packed every day, however I usually never have an empty glass. The bar is loaded with 6 to 8 flat screen televisions which always have sports playing. They have every DirecTV package so if hockey is your thing, this is your bar!

The beer selection is awesome. They have a vast selection of draught (28 or so on tap, even a draught root beer for the kids), bottles (about 15 different "flavors"), and a couple different variates of canned beer (MGD, Coors Light, PBR and a couple of craft cans like Trout and Dale's). Draught beer comes in 16 and 20 ounce sizes for "normal" beer and 9 ounce snifters for the high gravity beers such as Rouge Old Crusty.

Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom. The 16 ouncers run 6 bucks a pop and the 20 ouncers are 7 bucks. Hi-grav beers are a little more at $9. Bottles range from the 4 and 5 dollar range for normal bottles up to $25 bombers from the Rogue brewery. Cans are a little cheaper at $2.50 to $5.00 a can. The combat to the pricing is Happy Hour. On weekdays, Monday through Friday (for those who aren't completely aware of what weekdays are) from 3-6 PM and from 10 PM to close, Mellow Mushroom has half off all alcohol! This makes it very reasonable, especially $1.25 PBR and $2.00 Tecante cans!

If rewards are your thing, Mellow Mushroom is for you. They have a Beer Club! Drink 75 different beers, get a plaque on the wall (ala Old Chicago) and get your own mug. At that point you get the big beers at the pint price. Along the way you are also rewarded with beer koozies (25 different beers) and free appetizers (50 different beers).

Appetizers are the only food items I've had there, as they are half off during the first happy hour. The homemade pretzels are by far the best. They come in Garlic & Parmesan, Salt, and Cinnamon & Honey. The pretzels are made from the same dough as their pizza crust, which is a wheat bread with a bit of sweetness to it. The artichoke dip and hummus is also out of this world. I'd steer clear of the tomato bisque, it's basically a bowl of marinara sauce. As for other food, I haven't tried it, but they do deliver within a 3 mile radius of the store.

This is THE BAR in the northwest valley.

P.S. 4 star review because of non-happy hour pricing.
Umm.  What are these "hippies" smoking?

I only ask because:
a) this isn't a 60s-ish place.  Just because you calling your appetizers "munchies" (I get it!  Like I'm stoned!) and you have a psychadelic menu cover doth not make a hippie place.    This was like the bastard lovechild of TGI Friday's and a 5 and Diner.
b) This is some of the heaviest pizza I've ever had.  And not in a good way (like traditional Chicago pie).  You'd better like crust because you get a ton of it.  We did a cheese and a BBQ chicken. 
c) Tomato bisque soup is not bisquey.  My wife thought it tasted like tomato sauce.  When she sent it back, the server guessed right "Did you think it tasted like red sauce?"  Apparently we weren't the first.  That ain't a good sign, friends.
d) It isn't cheap.  You want good, cheap hippie food?  Go to Two Hippies Beach Stand @ 5th and Camelback.
e) Where's the peace on Earth?  It is loud.  We got sat in the back (near the kitchen) which was better.. but up front?   Find me an eating experience where loud helps your experience.  I never notice the noise levels in restaurants.  This was madness.

On the plus side, there are a lot of beers.  They are expensive but it looks like a great deal at happy hour (which is 2-6 M-F).  

Northsiders, don't let the convenience trick yourselves into thinking this is good pizza.  You're better than this!
Any Bar/Restauraunt that closes at 2am with a kitchen that closes at 1am should always deserve a closer look. Crazy drink specials throughout the nite (3 to 6 pm and 10 to close) which entails HALF off everything, The Mellow Mushroom has much to offer. The food consits of mostly Pizza, calzones, and hoagie's. And as for the drinks, its a full bar. Enthusiastic bartenders, a pelethora of flat screens, trivia books, and of course alcohol will keep you entertained throughout your stay. As for the food, the House Calzone is a good size at an average at most price but, none the less cheezy and pretty good. I cannot comment on the pizza due to this is my first visit. Altogether I enjoyed my visit and look foward to more....
Finally a place that northern phoenicians can go to to get good beer.  Very much more like a pizza joint than a bar even though they have a wide variety of good beers, both local, microbrew and imports.  A little more like North Scottsdale prices than North Phoenix prices though which is funny since they are going to open one in North Scottsdale from what they told me. The pizzas were heavily crust oriented with a sweet crust, almost honeylike.Being the only real game in the area they will do good so if you like pizza and beer check them out.
Fantastic pizza with amazing toppings. People who complained about service must be on crack. You do have to wait for a handmade pizza with toppings that you choose, but it is relatively quick and there are great salads and appetizers. The cool thing is that it is open late every night and there  are almost no others places in the area that do this. The boutique beers on tap are top notch. This place is HIGHLY recommended!!!!!
I went to the Mushroom for lunch. Sat at the bar. Great selection of beer, great pizza. The service was great at lunch. The meal was so good that I decided to take a buddy of mine out that same night (he helped me move a couch, I owe him right?). We went for dinner. Sat at a high top in the bar for 15 minutes and never had a SINGLE person come talk to us. Unexcusable. We left. Went to Logans roadhouse, had an average meal, but I was livid with the HORRIBLE service I recieved.
This place has a strange name, but the pizza and beer selection was top notch.  We got the buffalo chicken pizza and was very impressed.
The beer selection was great too.  Great selection of Rogue brews on tap.  Big place with a few TVs around the bar.
So I drove about 50 miles to eat here. I live in Gilbert now but lived in Florida for the past 4 years and had a mellow mushroom right by my house. I've been back in AZ for a few months and was very excited to hear there was a MM in town even though it was an hour away.

The Good - Food. All of it. We brought family there for the first time and had lots of food. We had the parm & Garlic pretzels, Hummus, and meatball appetizers. All were awesome. Their hummus is probably my favorite. We also got 3 different pizzas and 2 salads and everyone was very happy.  Everything tasted just like I remembered from Florida.  Exactly what I was looking for!

The not-so-good - The decor. Hands down. Whoever designed this room must have designed it for another restaraunt. All the previous MM I have been to have had a really cool "hippy type" charm and were really comfortable. the decor matched the menu design and the logo. This room is cold and very modern design trying very hard to be ultra-hip.  Not what I was expecting. Very disappointing.  The beer selection here is very good but rely's heavy on the Rogue and Four Peaks breweries. Previous MM I have been to had more of a variety from many many breweries with a much larger selection.

Overall - I'll be back. The food is great and if I close my eyes I can pretend I'm sitting in a more comfortable room!
egg and prosciutto pizza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Sooooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooooooood!! 

Worth the drive, worth the wait, worth 5+ stars! 

Yes the decor is not so good, so what! 

We also ordered a pepperoni, it was a good pizza, but it just couldn't compare to the oh my goodness amazing egg and prosciutto pizza. 

The service was great, friendly and accommodating! The bar tender was so nice and our waitress was too!
My wife and I first experienced the Mellow Mushroom pizza bakers in North Carolina, and were a little reluctant to visit their new operation in North Phoenix, however were pleasantly surprised with how consistently good their pizza pie is!

The atmosphere at this Mellow Mushroom leaves a little to be desired, with unimaginative decor and no unique feel to it, unlike both establishments we visited in NC, which were crazy localized.  

The severs we had at this MM were both knowledgeable of the menu and of their excellent craft beer selection.  They feature beer from Sonoran and Papago, which are local brewers, as well as Rogue, and a few others from the left coast.  They claim to have an excellent selection of local, craft brew, which I agree that they have a better selection than most, but where are the Nimbus, Oak Creek and Beaver St beer?  Include the state of Arizona in your draft beer selection, I won't be disappointed.

Enough about appetizers, onto the pizza!  They have a great selection of toppings and some pretty creative specialty pizzas that are sure to please anybody who loves something different.  We frequently get the magical mystery tour and are never left hungry.  They dough is a little thick for my tastes, however, they sprinkle a little graded parmesan on the crust, making the entire slice devourable.

Mellow Mushroom is definitely a chain restaurant, however they stand far above the other chain pizza restaurants in the valley, and they are definitely worth trying.  Believe you me, you will become hooked, and this place will be your primary pizza destination!
Allright, enough is enough... Just when I think this place can't get any better, it does. Jason, the GM just pulled the trigger. Not only is this the best place in town for pizza... Yes, including you pizzaria Blanco, but the 38 beers on tap continue to evolve and improve, the service is great, but they just bought the baseball package. You can come here and watch EVERY game of Americas pastime.
Go Cubs!!! Go Mellow Mushroom
I am rating this place a 2 because I have had Mellow Mushroom in Savannah. If I hadn't experienced Savannah's I would possibly rate this location a 3...possibly. The Mellow Mushroom in Savannah is a unique dining experience where as the Mellow Mushroom in Phoenix was just basic eats at a regular ol' run-of-the-mill franchise restaurant. 

We had the gourmet white pizza, spinach artichoke dip and a Greek salad. If Applebee's served pizza this is how it would taste - very commercial. Nothing really stood out. Plus they put sun dried tomatoes on everything which just reminds me of the Broodwich.
Eh.   Not impressed. 

Heard some glowing reviews on this place and how great it was so was pretty excited to try it because who doesn't love pizza?!  

My pizza was undercooked and dripping with olive oil (not in a good way!)   The only thing going for this place is the crust.... It's pretty good when the pizza is cooked thoroughly to enjoy it. 

Our server was very uninterested in actually being at work, and working in a boring chain place like this I could see why- no real character to the restaurant.  

With so many great places to get a good pizza in the valley... skip the Mellow Mushroom.
The 3 meat pizza was excellent, the honey dipped pretzels would probably be better if I wasn't completely stuffed! And if you get and Arnold Palmer with the green tea its actually really good. And I'm not a green tea fan at all.

Oh yea, free WIFI too!!!
I love this place! Being a beer lover, I was excited to hear that they carried close to 40 beers on tap. I knew I had to go check the place out, just due to that. We stopped by on a Saturday (and then again on Sunday) for beers & food.

When I asked for a beer menu, the server told me that they pretty much no longer carry any of the crap domestics (Budweiser, Michelob, etc). +1!

They have plenty of craft ales and lagers to choose from, so even a budwiper lover can find something good here. To the more seasoned beer veteran, there are a plethora of beers will statisfy your tastes. Everything from seasonal summer ales to stouts and everything else you can think of, from good breweries. They have a large selection of beers from Rogue, Stone, Abita, Left Hand, Four Peaks, Sonoran and many more. Nice to see them carrying the local stuff too.

For starters, we've tried the chopped salad (sans pepperoni) and a parmesan garlic pretzels. Both were superb. The pretzels appear to be made out of pizza dough and they are oh so delish.

For the main course, I've ordered up 2 different hoagies, both times with Tempeh.

Vegetarians listen up! This place has you covered. They've got grilled Tempeh, jerk Tempeh, pesto Tempeh, BBQ Tempeh and Tofu as well.

I've had the "tempeh hoagie" and the "jerk" hoagie with tempeh subbed in. Both were immensely enjoyed and quickly devoured. If you're a vegetarian that's missing a cheese-steak style meal, get your arse over to Mellow Mushroom and try out one of their tempeh hoagies.
Great Pizza and beer
i'm really frustrated. 

my last delivery order arrived with the wrong pretzels. 
i don't like salt on my pretzels. neither does g. 

my last dine in experience was (except our darling server) a disaster.
we waited at least 15 minutes for a server, after requesting one twice. 
we waited another 15 minutes for drinks.
our appetizers arrived before our drinks.
we watched an appetizer sit on the pass for a looooong time. 
we were served the same cold appetizer, even after quizzing the manager-type expediter on how long they had been sitting there (we knew the answer). our (super awesome) server wasted no time correcting the situation. 

i really like the food at the mellow mushroom (when it is what i ordered and is served at an appropriate temperature). that's why i've ordered delivery, take out and dined in at least 10 times. i'm really not trying to be cranky,  but honestly, the food only gets mellow so far.
When you sit at the bar, you expect a friendly and talkative bartender. Not so much when we arrived at 5pm on a Monday. The bar was barely full, but when we sat down and our guy came over to us, we asked "How are you?" and he replied "Busy". OK. That is not how I like to be greeted, no matter if you are slammed or not. Needless to say, my husband and I were on a rare "date night" out after having a baby and couldn't wait to indulge in some pizza and beer. The selection of microbrews was fantastic, I must say. They even had a few selections from the Rouge brewery, which we had visited in Oregon a few years back and loved. I am in a fruity beer mood lately, so I went with the Papago Orange Blossom. Hubby went with a nutty brown Rouge (I forgot the name.) Along with the male bartender, there was also a female bartender behind the bar and she seemed a lot less frazzled than her male counterpart. As he whizzed around acting busy, she calmly rang in orders he needed into the register. She ended up taking our order since he seemed to not have one multi-tasking skill in his body. As we were ordering, I got a tweet from a friend who suggested we order the Parmesan Pretzel appetizer, so we ordered that along with the Philosopher's Pie.
The pretzels came out as a big appetizer. 3 pretzels larger than my husband's fist with cups of marinara to dip them in. They were blah to me. It was basically the pizza dough made into a pretzel with a little olive oil and lots of Parmesan cheese. I could barely eat one and then realized I'd probably have no room left for my pizza. 
When the pizza came, it was hot and looked great. It had shaved steak, portobella mushroom slices, kalamata olives and white cheese. I picked off the mushrooms because I hate mushrooms, but loved the other ingredients. It was a good pizza. My husband enjoyed it, but he too was feeling incredibly bloated and full already. 
I wasn't impressed with the lack of personality of the bartenders. My husband and I choose to sit at the bar a lot when we go out because we like to have some conversations, discuss drinks and watch some sports. If the people behind the bar can't do that well, what is the point of putting them in that position? 
The only reason I will give this place another chance is because I love the selection of beers on tap and I'd like to try some other items on the menu. Plus, the restaurant is right across the way from Harkins, where we go for movies.
Oh boy where do I begin.

First off, my Mom and I accidently entered through the bar, which got me really excited because there is a TON of beers on draft. Being a beer LOVER my mouth started watering in anticipation of having a nice tall glass. Once we finally made it up to the front, found our party, and were seated; I opened the menu only to find to my disappointment that draft beers are $6 a pint!!! REDICULOUS! My mother seems to think I've been stuck in Tempe and Phoenix for too long but I just think $6 for a beer, is INSANE! ...so I decided to protest by getting a Root beer.

I have to say, I'm not the biggest fan of pizza in the first place, so I come in a little bias. But, my cousin Zach, who was with me, LOVES pizza. I had combed over the menu and mostly out of pure inability to make a decision (extreme lack of sleep and beer after a long day of work and a movie), decided to just go in on the pizza with everyone. Nothing else on the menu seemed to appetizing and there wasn't a whole lot of people eating there either; so there was little visual or smell stimulations. We ordered the white pizza, the hot potato (which scared me, too many starches), and the Hawaiian. The white was boring, as well as the Hawaiian and both had been battered with way too much olive oil before hitting the oven. The Hot potato, which I actually thought would be disgusting, was actually not so bad...with a little Tabasco. And because we had only seen our waiter when we got our drinks, made our order, got the pizza, and paid the bill- I had to go get the Tabasco from the waiters station myself. 

Finally it seems I am about to get home and sleep in a pizza (soon to be heartburn) coma, as we're getting the check but it took our waiter (for some reason) about 15 minutes to process it. There are other people in the mellow mushroom but none in our general vicinity. As we're waiting I'm watching the cooks in the back (they have an open kitchen-which is a cool idea); once, twice, three times I see 3 different cooks wipe their runny ass nose down their fore-arms, just stopping before it hits their hand or glove. YIKES! Next I see a bag of store-bought pitas sitting on the counter; which makes me happy I didn't get the humus. Lastly, as our waiter finally comes out with the check, the door to the kitchen swings open to reveal what appears to be two of the wait staff publically displaying their love.

Perhaps if I was a teen looking to impress some just 21's or guys who like teens, I'd hang out there. Perhaps if I had a ton of cash and didn't care how I wasted it, I'd hang out there. Perhaps, if I (for some God-forsaken reason) lived in the north valley in my pre-20's I think it was cool to hang out at a place where my fellow Gauchos (GCC) worked. But I'm not and I don't. Trust me, I LOVE me some mushrooms and I consider myself somewhat mellow, but Mellow Mushroom does not have it goin on.
Best bar and happy hour in the north valley! Awesome happy hour! 36 beers on draft and another 40 plus in bottle/can. Meatballs and pizza are fantastic!!!!!
Pizzas are unique and delicious. Great beer selection. A few good appetizer selections too. Lacking in atmosphere but the food selections make up for it.
The last part of this review was from the first time I went and had a sandwich and soup (still a low three stars there). I am updating because I have gone since and had their pizza, which was amazing and certanly deserves five stars! I had the loaded baked potato pizza. It was one of the best pizzas I have ever had. The crust is so good! The toppings were high quality. Will surely go there for pizza again!

This place was ok. Got the tempeh hoagie and tomato bisque. The sandwich had way too many strong flavors; marinade, vinaigrette, pesto, feta cheese and sprouts. It was a bit much, but I was still able to eat it. The tomato bisque was another story. I am certain it was pizza sauce with broth whisked in. It was so thick I could eat it with a fork! The waitstaff was great. The ambiance was cool and different. I may go back to try the pizza and pretzels and if I do I will update my review. As of now it sits on the low side of three stars. Quality ingredients but poor execution in my opinion.
I would attach a picture of the food that we ordered... except we never got it.

We waited for an hour!!!!  We went in at 9 pm for a pizza.... ordered about 5 minutes in and then.... nothing.  We waited... an waited... and waited.  The waiter came over 30 minutes later and asked if there was anything he could get us.  "Sure, our food," was my reply.  He told us a few minutes.  He didn't offer an explanation or an apology which would have made a world of difference.  Another 30 minutes later (don't ask WHY we waited that long) we still had nothing.  Our waiter told us it would be another 2 minutes.  Five minutes later I explained that we were done waiting and were going to leave.  I told him that pizza takes about 15-20 minutes.  He said their pizza was better and required more prep time.... that is bull.  If it required THAT much time there would be a disclaimer on the menu saying so.

Ended up going to In N Out..... will definitely NOT be returning to Mellow Mushroom.
After one happy hour visit, I can only give three starts. But I suspect that will improve during subsequent, and inevitable, return visits. I just can't say I'm a fan of anything after only one visit. 
Mellow Mushroom has an excellent beer selection, including several craft brews - including Orange Blossom, from Papago Brewing Co., and a couple of flavors from Four Peaks. 
I was really in the mood for chicken wings when I walked in the door, so finding out they were half off during their late-night happy hour was an awesome plus! Apparently, all appetizers are half off during happy hour too, which is great if you get the munchies while drinking.
Lastly, this place is open until 2 a.m. every night. This is unique in the Happy Valley/Anthem area and very welcome during the hot summer nights!
So, I have commented before how I love the wings here. I had the thai wings last night. OMG. Re-COCK-ulously delicious. 
Bufallo wild wings just opened up across the parking lot so it cracked me up when I saw a bunch of their employees eating wings at the mushroom. Another winner.
After my last review I decided to wait a little while before going back. I must say that this time I was VERY pleasantly surprised with the service I received. I sat at the bar this time and the bartenders were very helpful. I am adventurous when it comes to beer, but have a hard time making decisions. The bartenders were able to select multiple beers for me to try. I also had the stuffed portabello mushroom which was amazing. All in all, It was a very good experience. I will be taking my new wife with me the next time I go in.
Awful service the hostess was very rude and the prices are ridiculous for the quality of food. I would rather go to Streets of New York or Buffalo Wild wings.
It was average at best.   I would much rather eat at Grimaldi's, nothing beats Grimaldi's.    I eat at the one at Park West off the 101 and Northern.    You'll thank me later.
after my last review, i received an email from the manager at mellow, offering a gift certificate for our disappointment. i accepted, figuring mellow is close to home and i should give them another chance. i do really like the food. and i'm happy to say that i'm taking mellow off my shit list. 

we've ordered take out twice and dined in once since my (very frustrated) two star review. i have to say, things are better. service has been friendly. our food has been hot and fresh and thankfully, the food has remained really, really good. our dine-in experience was especially impressive - it was friday night, it was b u s y and i went in with very low expectations. we were quoted a 30 minute wait time, and were seated in 18 minutes. things were off to a good start. our pretzels - garlic and parmesean - were a bit underdone, but it wasn't worth sending them back - we devoured them anyway. our pizza was absolute perfection. our server was darling. 

i'm not brave enough to try delivery again yet, but i assume i will be soon if mellow keeps this up. thanks for the improvement guys!
I would eat the tempeh everyday if I could. The food seems shinier than usual of late. This is the second visit that we've felt this way. Still, the food is very good. It's not as "local" as we like but we appreciate their use of wholesome foods.

This is not casual gourmet. It's not a greasy dive. It's not chain. It's not local. Mellow Mushroom seems to me to create it's own niche. And for that we continue to return from time to time for a "fix".
OMG why have I never been to this place before.  I know this isn't very traditional pizza but I don't care it's damn good.  I had the Thai Pie which had curry chicken, cucumber, tomato, and onions.  I knew it was going to be daring to try this type of pizza for the first time but I was pleasantly surprised by the fresh ingredients of this pie.  

While waiting on our pie I was checking out the beer menu and being a huge fan of Abita beer I was in heaven.  This place has every Abita beer even some on draft.  WOW WOW WOW can a pizza place get any better for me?  Why yes it can 3-6 M-F is happy hour and 10-2 M-F is reverse happy hour.  : ) 

The only reason I don't give this place a perfect 5 is the wings.  I know this is all personal preference I like fried wings not baked.  I know healthy means no fried food but come on I know that pizza I ate was not healthy so maybe a choice of baked or fried would be nice.  

4.5/5 and a new favorite of mine hopefully more open around the valley.
Love this place, They have a great Happy Hour and pricing. sometimes, this is my friday night meal. One of thier only deficits, not quite enough variety in thier draft. Hey, they are not a micro brew so what do I want. They have some great and strange, but tasty, pizza's. Also a menu of other goodys.
I wrote a really long review for mellow mushroom once before but I'm not seeing it anymore for some reason so I'll state the quick pointers.

1.  The pizza is awesome.  Yes, it takes longer than 10 minutes to cook a GOOD pizza... so sit tight.

2.  The meatballs are amazing.... try them.

3.  Their beer selection is by far the best selection in the North Valley HANDS DOWN.

4.  The wait staff / management is super-friendly so don't be afraid to losen up and meet some new people while they are serving you.

5.  Happy hour is 1/2 all alcohol and appetizers... need I say more?
wow! I can't believe some of the peoples reviews about MM. all you people who are complaing about it bring over priced need to really look at a menu online before you go out to eat.  if your smart enough to use this site your smart enough to find an online menu. and if its to expensive go eat somewhere else thats in your budget and stop ranking on a place that serves good fresh quality food. maybe its just that your to use to eating sandwiches from subway and pizza from dominoes and sucking back some cold keystones. I know that it's a free country buy please at least know wtf your talking about. oh ya and you who bitch about the service on weekends your the problem. if you really want to enjoy a night out here's some advice. try going out on a weekday. it's amateur night on weekends. if you were a diner you'd know this. all you people who scurry out at 7 on a fri or sat night and expect the world need to get real and understand that your creating the problem. do us all a favor and shut up and order take out and eat it in your doublewide. and that all I have to say about that.
Hubby & I were looking for a place to have dinner last night. We were around the Norterra shopping center so we drove around checking potential spots out. We came across Mellow Mushroom & decided to give it a shot.

It's very bright inside with a modern, funky look. The booth we sat in had a pic of the Orpheum Theater next to it. We thought that was neat.

Our server was a cool dude & literally named/described every beer on tap. I decided on a raspberry wheat & Hubs got some type of amber. We both were pleased. Too bad we missed happy hour prices though!

For an app we ordered the pretzels, half salt & half garlic parm. They came with mustard & marinara sauce. They're pretty big so we would have been fine with just a half order but we took the leftovers home for a nice snack the next day. So good!!

For our pizza we ordered the house special. While I thought it was pretty good, my hubby didn't. Said all the toppings were overkill.

Our total came to about $45, not including tip. I guess not too bad for two 16 oz beers, a soda, an app & a medium pizza. While we overall enjoyed the meal we won't be in any hurry to come back.
This is my second review for Mellow Mushroom - All I can say is that I love this place! As you can see, I am here all the time! The beer selection is fantastic and they continue to bring in new and unique beers that you can't find any where else! The staff is by far the best in the north valley! The servers, bartendars,  and management - all get a Thumbs up! 

My suggestions for this place - 
1. Sit at the bar and meet the locals, you will meet a lot of unique people!
2. While at the bar, talk with the bartendars, they understand and know the beers on tap and can make great recommendations! Dont forget to join the beer club!!!
3. The pizza is fantastic and made from scratch, it will take a little time to cook, be patient, its worth the wait. 
4. Come for happy hour! The appetizers and beer are half off and amazing! Try the meatballs! One of my favorites!
First time here, and after so many rave reviews we decided it was definitely worth a go...

Having heard so  much about the pretzels, they were definitely first on the list of things to try.  1/2 off for happy hour, I was pretty glad.  We got the garlic and parm type.  The boyfriend claimed delicious, I went with "eh". Mostly parm and very little garlic, they weren't my fave, but I think next time we will try the salt with mustard sauce and they might be more of a crowd pleaser.

Really wish I could do an "and a half" star rating here (come on Yelp..you know we all want that ability, lol) because the ability to get a pizza split in half so you don't have to choose just one of their signature pies was definitely a plus and would warrant an extra half star point.  We got the small pizza and asked our server which she preferred between the two we had narrowed it down to, she told us what she thought, but followed it up with "if you like we can just make it a half & half?" YES!  Awesome, perfect for the indecisive, and very hard to find, as most places with more complex pizzas do not allow this.  We ended up getting a half Potato Pie and half Caesar pizza.  The boy loved the Potato, said it reminded him a bit of his favorite potatoes au gratin. And I was a fan of the Caesar.  It was a nice blend between ooey gooey hot pizza and cool crisp salad, and I'm into flavor and texture contrasts in my meals.  The crust was a lil difficult to cut with a knife, and these were definitely more of the "fork n knife" type pizzas, but I can't tell for sure if it was the crust itself or just a crappy knife?!

We ordered dessert, Key Lime Pie was nice, just the right size... and I definitely think they used Ready Whip... Don't get me wrong.. this is a good thing.. love that shit..reminds me of being a lil kid.

They have a nice variety of beer and Happy Hour puts 98% if them half off.

The service was pretty good.  Pleasant and helpful, but not too pushy.  And considering we went for early happy hour and sat in the dining room (we were the only table our server had at the time) she still paid just the right amount of attention to us, which is great because frequently in other places under those circumstances one will get forgotten about half the time.

Overall a nice place, dig the decor, super bright.  Food was good, haven't quite decided if it was crave-able yet though.  Will for sure give the place another go and see if I leave wanting more.
We came here out of curiosity because we couldn't tell what the place was and the name was kind of cool after we figured out it wasn't "mellow marshmellow". The place has a cool diner kind of feel and the logo looks like a mushroom that's high or on shrooms and it looked like they were known for their pizza. To our disappointment, there wasn't a whole lot of items with mushrooms on it, and wasn't until after our server told us there is a special mushroom pizza that isn't listed on the menu and it would also take about 30 minutes to prep. So we got the hummus appetizer which was pretty yummy and the special mushroom pizza that had i believe 5 types of mushrooms on it? It was really good, the crust especially, which tasted like honey wheat. We asked our server and he said it was the molasses they used on it. Definitely worth trying once, but I think there are other cool pizza places I would like to get around to trying too, so it's not really a place I'm dying to go back to. Really great service though! You should get the mushroom pizza if you go though
I've ordered to-go salted pretzels from them before, but tonight I got a surprise I didn't pay for. Usually the bartender on duty is rude to me because they don't like to go get your to-go order, but tonight the pretzel had discoloration, which after an explanation by email from the owner, was not anything to worry about (it was dirty oven residue that got transferred to the dough when they were forming the pretzel, but it looked like mold). I emailed the owner a picture of what I found and right away they responded. That was very respectful. The food prices are high but if you want a drink, and can put up with the grumpy bartender, it seems like an interesting place to go.
I honestly would go for all the different types of beer alone but it doesn't hurt that food is fantastic as well!!
mellow mushroom is hands down the best place for beer in the north(westish) valley. great craft beer selection (a ton of rogue varieties) on draft and even more in thebottle and can. happy hour or reverse happy hour  is the time to go, all alcohol is half off and all the appetizers are half off. grilled jerk wings, a capri salad paired with a tasty brew, you cant go wrong. oh ya the pizza combinations are awesome too.
It's a pretty chill atmosphere...great beer selections. However go when its happy hour.  Drunks and appetizers are half off.  Also. Try the white pizza..its delish
Awesome happy hour!! Reverse happy hr daily. 10 pm - 2 am. Tons of beers on tap, there is something for everyone
I wish I could say my experience eating in the restaurant was so much better, but it was not. We waited a very long time, more than 30 minutes, to get our BBQ chicken style pizza. I was very excited to try it, smelled good, looked great with lightly browned crust. But when we started to eat it, we discovered that the dough under the toppings was still raw. From my experience cooking pizza at home, it means the oven was too hot. We asked our waitress if this was done right, she said she didn't know because she wasn't eating the pizza. I showed her again, she offered to recook a new pizza but my husband remarked will it come out the same? Is this how your crust is? She said, once again she didn't know. I remarked that she, as a waitress, should know if this is how the crust is supposed to look-if this is how a new pizza would turn out we don't want to wait another 30 minutes to get another pizza with that same crust. Very rude employees here, they just don't give a hoot. I have only good things to say of the owner, but would recommend he retrain his employees in the art of customer service and the food that is on the menu.
So I went back for a 3rd time already.  This place absolutely rocks.  I could eat here and order something new everytime and leave happy every time.  (except the wings see earlier review)

Today my buddy Cory and I went for lunch and ate the Creole Q pie which was on their new insert.  It was SOOOOOOOO yummy.  It had Creole BBQ shrimp with tabasco, cheese, and a butter garlic sauce.  They even give u extra sauce to drizzle over the top for more flavor.  

I know for pizza traditionalists these pies may not be the type you are looking for but for more adventurous on their pies they have many great options.  

Thanks again for another great lunch Mellow Mushroom
After a couple recent visits I can't help but notice that Mellow Mushroom just isn't the place it was when it first opened.  I remember enjoying full pints of St.Berardus Christmas Ale at happy hour prices as well as other "high gravity" options that were served in normal glasses.  Now they're in smaller glasses that look like a highball or rocks glass, but the price isn't smaller.   When I go in prime dining hours somehow 3 of us can rack up a tab exceeding $100 and it just seems a bit extreme for pizza 'n beers.  This isn't the Biltmore or Kierland.  It's a very middle class area and I'm not sure how the prices are a good match for folks who live nearby and dine here.

But it's not just the prices I guess.  It seems like a lot of the servers are not happy and give attitude, and I'm a very polite person in public so I know it wasn't me. 

At the bar last winter I've chatted with a guy who knows a lot about beer but lately it seems the bartenders are just attractive females who don't really know craft beer, and the overall demographic in the bar isn't the same.  Call me an old fart, but I'd rather talk about West Coast beers than have all the eye candy.  Also they have all these wonderful beers but it seems like everyone around me was ordering Coors' Blue Moon.  Why can't those people just hang out at TGI Friday's?
They try to be a trendy hippie place... they fail. They are in a yuppie area... hippie just doesn't happen.  Not a big deal... it's pretty comfortable in there, but the decor is slightly wild.  

I was sitting in the bar and I couldn't help but look at the wall where it looked like there was a hole in the wall and people were sticking their face thru... but it was just video.  It kinda creeped me out because from where I was at, it looked SO REAL. lol

Food is cool... they have a 75 beer club... HUGE selection of beer.  Expensive beer, but very good beer.  You order a Coors here and it's probably blasphemy.

So... I tried everything at my table. :)

Italian hoagie - very tasty
Po boy - dry but pretty good.
Rollin heads salad - spicy tasty with bacon and a great dressing.
Obviously a glutton for punishment- been here 3 times and EVERY time our service is ATROCIOUS. The pie is amazing- but cold when it gets to us.

And seriously... Management stands around texting?! EVERY time we have been there. 
I'll buy the pie to go next time if ever a next time.

Happy Hours prices - STILL TOO EXPENSIVE 
(drinks are cheaper and more quantity at other places)
Happy Hour food - Over priced, and not that great 
Pie- Awesome, you should try it for sure..... BUT YES VERY PRICEY

just too expensive of a place to continue going, when the service is sooo bad.
Great food, good service, low prices... this place is a win as far as i'm concerned. i need to keep working on the pizza to find a favorite, but in the meantime i'll keep coming back for that italian hoagie on wheat...
I've come here several times, and every time it's never a disappointment. The food is amazing, the service is great and the restaurant has some pretty cool decor. But, it's definitely not a "hippie" place, probably because it's in such a trendy area.

Service is also pretty quick, although, almost everything I've ordered there has been one of their many unique pizzas. I did order one of their sandwiches once, and it was stuffed with so much, I had to take half of it home. Delicious!
I went here today with a my family that was in town....The service was VERY bad. It took a LONG LONG time to get the food and it was not busy at all. The food itself is overpriced and unfortunately not worth the money or the wait. This place needs to get its act together quick because it does not take close to one hour to prepare a sandwich!
Well I first gave this place 5 stars, now I've dropped it to 2!!! After our fifth visit, we can tell you service is below average, food is getting worse. Crunchy pretzels! Skimpy on toppings and sauce. Staff is not genuine. Never see a manager. I will think twice before coming back .
Ok so it's my 4th time and I had my 4th different pie and still I can't find one I don't think is amazing.  Today I had the Protein pie (not sure the name but something meaty).  It had pepperoni, ham, bacon, sausage, and cheese tons and tons of protein so that means it was healthy ; ).  

Mellow Mushroom hit it out the park again and I can't wait to go back for another new pie.
I have an idea... If you want fast instant pizza, go to little ceasars... If you want your pizza to taste good go to M squared... "my pizza took long!?!?" waaaaahhhhhh
Service was good for us, unlike others who have commented.  They were pretty busy too.  I'm not a big pizza fan, so I had the meatball sandwich with a salad.  The sandwich was average, reasonably priced.  The salad was pretty good.  Other members in my party had pizza.  I tried it, very similar to Pizza Hut.  I thought it was a little expensive for an average pizza place, and not over the top food.

Looks like they have some great $6 lunch specials.  I would return for those, but probably not dinner.

Meatball Sand
Side Salad
Med. 1 topping pizza
2 drinks
with tip $36
awsome pizza, they are a little to proud of their booze though. They do have a good happy hour and reverse happy hour.
This place has excellent food and excellent beer.  If you are a craft beer lover like I am you will be pleasantly surprised, especially during happy hour.  They have at least 30 different craft beers on tap, including about 8 from Rogue.  They have several local brews as well, including Papago's Orange Blossom, and Sonoran's Inebriator.  During happy hour, most of the beers are half off.  You can get a pint for $3 and a 20 oz. for $3.50.  They have specialty pizzas and sandwiches.  There are some appetizers that are a little different than most other places.  The hummus is exquisite.  It's some of the best I have ever had, and during happy hour it's half off as well.  I just started going here maybe about 4 months ago, and I go a couple times a week.
Went here in May 2010.  

Despite being busy service was good. 

The beer selection was fantastic including several solid IPA's.

The food tasted fine.  We had the philosopher's pie pizza and a vegetarian one.

What ruined the experience for us was literally being ill afterwards.
The pizza for me was just ok, Capri salad was great. I  would like to try the sandwich and a few of the apps. The pizza dough has molasses in it which is why its sweet. I think its ok but I dont think Ill be recomending it to anyone. We got the house special pizza which is a supreme pizza. When it came out it looked great but there was so much stuff on it everything just slide rigt off. The server we had was way nice and new everything on the menu. This place also has Papago brewing's Orange blossom beer. This stuff is so freakin good. Anyway This place is worth a try but this is not NY style Pizza so you know!
Follow up review- still awesome!!  amazing pizza and salad, amazing boutique beers - what else need be said!!!
Fantastic happy hour with a HUGE beer selection, amazing pizza, great salads and a fun atmosphere.
OMG, this place rocks!  Not only is the pizza fantastic, the staff is friendly and fun and the place itself is very entertaining.  Salads are good too, haven't tried anything else other than the pizza and salad because I love their pizza so much, I can't go int here and not get it ;o)
This was my third visit to Mellow. I've  never been disappointed. The crust is white and wheat with molasses which is delish! The egg and  pancetta pizza rocks! It has whole eggs cracked over the top and baked. Philosophers pie - steak portobello olives feta mozzarella artichoke hearts on a olive oil garlic crust was good but not my overall fav.   The Magical
Mystery Tour has spinach jalapeño and I think sun dried tomato on pesto crust yum! The all meat is good too! I just noticed the beer list. I don't drink beer but there was a chocolate one listed.
In a word, Uninspired.  Sorry to sound snotty, but it just was.  Better than delivery or DiGiorno, but not much else.  Don't get me wrong, the pizza was solid (had a tasty House Special) and the beer specials rock (local brews half off on weekends), but I would never chose this over local staples like Oregano's or Nello's for good pie and beer.  

Maybe it was the service - competent, but sleepy (of course, everyone coulda just been hungover from last night).

Maybe it was the decor - plain and unthemed.  The bar was really disappointing/plain after walking past the crazy 70's style neon light in the window.

Maybe it was the theme - the advertising would suggest some kinda groovy, local-oriented hippy thing, but it feels like yet another short-lived, high-profit chain concept.  Nothing wrong with that, just wouldn't seek it out.

Maybe it's the lack of the brick oven.  I think if you're gonna do thin crusted pizza, you gotta go for the wood-fired, brick oven.  It does so much better with the crust.  Think Grimaldi's.

Overall, it's a solid pizza with good ingredients.  Prices aren't too high, but not too low either ($19-20 for a 14" that feeds 2-3).  I wouldn't make a special trip here or recommend to a friend unless they were like 10 minutes away.  In my local pizza hierarchy, I think it goes something like this: Pizzeria Bianco, Grimaldi's, Oregano's, Nello's, Sauce, (insert 5 or so Old Chicago-like places), and then Mellow Mushroom.
Yup...must go back!

Really, there are so many things on the menu that sound outstanding I have to hold off my final review until I get a chance to try more stuff.  I have been to Mellow Mushroom 3 times now and loved everything about it each and every time.

Great beer selection, awesome food, fantastic atmosphere.....love it.

Hopefully I will get to go again soon.  Did I mention I love this place?
We've tried Mellow Mushroom a couple of times now hoping the food and service is better than our prior visits because we love how this place feels and their location.  They are conveniently located in front of one of the best movie theaters in northern Phoenix, Harkins at Norterra.  Oddly enough this Mellow Mushroom doesn't offer the "Dinner & Movie" promotion other MM's offer from their web site.  In fact we found very few promotions this location is offering compared to other MM's according to their web site.

Again this place has a really cool vibe with some neat decor through out the restaurant. They have both indoor and out door seating and their bar has some TV's to catch a game while eating.  They have an awesome beer selection which is probably their best feature with out a doubt and probably the reason I keep coming back.

Their pizza ~ they have a good variety of topping to choose from but you either like their crust or you don't. We unfortunately don't like it because it's more like bread and not crust.  It's too chewy and you have to eat it with a fork. We loved the toppings and beer. Our server could not remember our drinks and we had to ask someone else to get our bill... 

I tried their Mushroom Club on my last visit with chips and an iced tea. The fresh sprouts on top were more yellow and brown and not green at all. My server stated "we got a fresh shipment in today" and then walked off. After scrapping them off because they did not taste good I found my sandwich very cold in the center compared to the rest of the sandwich which was average temp for a club. So I ate around the center. My chips looked like they were scooped from the bottom of the bag if you know what I mean.  These were chips of chips... I had track down my server since she was more interest in carrying on conversations with the other, very young, servers hanging out around their desk in the middle of the restaurant. I showed her my "chips of chips" and she stated "that's how our chips are. Many people complain about them and I don't know why we serve them" and then off she went again... I asked another passing server to see a manager hoping to give them some good feedback concerning my experience but they never came by my table. 

I found the best time to go to MM is during their happy hour just before catching a movie when you can get half priced beer and apps. For if they did not have this promo I would probably never go back to this MM.  Because of this promo and their awesome beer selection I am giving them an A~OK rating.
Great pizza and awsome drink specials!! I dig the ceasar salad pizza
Awesome pizza.  It's a neat atmosphere, and one of the few restaurants that I don't feel to bad about taking my toddler into.  It took a while to get our order, but they were really busy when we went.  There were a line of people waiting outside the door.  We were also with a group.

Since my initial review, I've been back to the Mellow Mushroom four times.  This place is definitely five stars.  The service has been very friendly and efficient, and the food just keeps getting better.  Initially I gave it four stars, because it took so long to get our order, but the past four visits have been much better in that area.  
My husband and I dined in their bar area late one night, and it was a great experience.  The bartenders (Keith and Jenna) were fantastic.  I don't think you'd find better bartenders in Phoenix.  They were friendly, and made a great drink.  They also have a late night menu that is more appealing than your normal late night pub fare.
Beer seems very pricey, but they have a ton of different kinds on tap.  
The food is absolutely excellent!  I love that they have baked wings.  The pizza my husband and I created (buffulo chicken, red sauce, and extra buffalo sauce) was awesome.  The crust is the best part, so if you're a person who usually skips that part, I highly recommend trying it!  It's got the perfect flavor with just a hint of sweetness to it.  It's really different from anything else I've had!
We were excited for this place to open until we ate there. It was truly nothing special. We ordered two pizzas (one was the "phiosophers pie") and neither one of them was very good. I hate to be negative but c'mon people, pizza is really not that hard to get right. Anyway, I won't be spraining any ankles running back to this place. Especially if I am paying $60 for two pizzas, two sodas and two beers.
Well I had pizza from this establishment the other day at my job. The nice people from Peak Data ordered pizza for everyone.....and I must say it was simply delicious. They ordered several different kinds....but my favorite was the veggie.....and the cheese pizzas. I mean the toppings were over the top....which is great.....and the Wheat crust....that's right a wheat crust....was simply delightful. I am going again tomorrow night to try the buffalo chicken.....or maybe the pesto chicken....or maybe the all mushroom pizza....LOL....haven't decided yet. However when I do I will update this review and give you the 411 on whichever one....two...or maybe even 3 pizzas i try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry, my Friends!!!!!
I am always excited when a new restaurant opens up in my neighborhood. I am a big fan and proponent of shopping local, especially in food establishments. I won't lie, when I first researched the Mellow Mushroom and found out that they were a franchise, I was a tad sad. Then I learned that each of the 110 restaurants are completely different from one another - no cookie cutter layouts here!  I had the pleasure to sit down with owners Jay and Diana, and was impressed with how they give back to our community. One of the first things you notice about each Mellow Mushroom location is the unique art on the walls. At the Happy Valley location I recognized shots of the local Phoenix scene and great art from local Phoenicians. As part of being in the Mellow Mushroom family, each location gives back a substantial amount of money to local artists to outfit each location with visual wonderfulness.

I enjoy good wine, but when you go to the Mellow Mushroom, it is the beers that have top reign here. With more than 36 beers on tap, (Tempe has 48) it is very easy to pair the perfect beer to your pie. When you become a regular here and don't see your favorite libation on tap - just ask. If you are there often enough, they are more than happy to bring it in for you. I was stunned. Seriously? I could just name my poison and you will bring it in? Now that is what I call service! There is even a Beer Club that you can join if you want to taste all of their beers.

My love for root beer started when I was very young and I would ask for one each time we went out for pizza (long before there was delivery). The Sonoran Root Beer is crafted locally and made from Sonoran Desert honey, plus it is mighty delicious. Next time I go in I have to try it with a scoop of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream. Yum!!

I admit, I have eaten at the Mushroom quite a few times, and often enjoy their Happy Hour from 3-6pm and I have been known to come back for their Reverse Happy Hour from 10pm-2am. Seriously - can't go wrong with half priced appetizers and beers. The crowd is usually those coming in for a beer after work and meeting a buddy to relax a bit before going home.

One of my favorite appetizers is definitely the Spinach & Artichoke Dip - tons of cheesy goodness with the right mix of spinach and artichoke hearts.  Often times, I split the Capri salad with its delicious mix of fresh mozzarella, vine-ripened tomatoes, basil, and the most orgasmic balsamic reduction that I have ever tasted. OMG - can I have a bottle of that reduction please!?!

Meatballs. Seriously. I just need to say it again - Meatballs. These are freaking awesome! The sauce is sweet, just the way I like it, fresh basil, shaved Parmesan, and inside each meatball is a soft cheesy center = Heaven. Please make more because I am not sharing!

I am not usually a fan of pretzels, but boy was I pleasantly surprised when I tasted theirs! You could taste the freshness and the softness when they came right out of the oven. The pretzel dough tasted like it had been mixed with honey - actually it's made with molasses and Georgia Spring Water. I was hooked! For all of the Vegan lovers out there, the dough is Vegan, but make sure to ask for it sans the Parmesan cheese. The same dough that made those awesome pretzels also creates the crust for their signatures pizzas. That is the only thing required from each franchise is that the dough is made in their flagship location in Atlanta, Georgia.

On one of my adventures to the Mellow Mushroom, I had the help of eating my way through a few of the pizzas with @skinnyjeans aka @noshtopia. Read her review as she talks about all the great gluten-free and vegan items that are on their menu.


The owners' son came up with a pizza that is unique to Arizona, but with the name of the establishment, I was quite surprised that not all of the franchises have it on their menus - the Fun Guy Pizza. This is by far my favorite pizza and it has five different types of mushrooms loaded on it: Shiitake, Crimini, Button, Portobello, and Oyster Mushrooms with lots of Mozzarella cheese and the sauce is a house-made Grilled Mushroom Vinaigrette. I'm in love. I seriously didn't want to share.

I have tried all of these pizza too:

    * Kosmic Karma: This pizza has a love of olive oil and pesto chicken, with tons of sun-dried tomatoes, spinach, Feta, and fresh tomatoes. Loved it!!
    * House Special: Their signature pizza loaded with flavor and freshness with Pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, onions, green peppers, mushrooms, black olives, tomatoes, ham, bacon, and of course, extra cheese.
    * Mighty Meaty: Stacked with Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, ground 
beef, ham, and bacon

Read the full review here: http://bit.ly/ijJJXh
I hate hippies but liked this place.  

Surprisingly an awesome selection of beers.  Also a good happy hour with excellent app specials.  Skip Auntie Anne's and try these soft pretzels..  Did not make it to the pizzas yet, but will make like Batman and return.
What a fantastic happy hour!!

Happy hour ends at 6pm and gets you half priced drinks and appetizers.

I love that they have Wyder's Pear Cider, which is my favorite!  I also had the pretzels, which are pretty okay.  

Our server was fantastic and quick.  He even got us in another round right before happy hour ended so that we didn't have to pay full price.

I can't wait to go again!
We had a groupon for the Mellow Mushroom and I was eager to try it. I was skeptical because of all the mixed reviews but overall we had a good experience.

We started by splitting a Caesar. The croutons were great. Definitely homemade. The dressing was great too, but unfortunately there wasn't enough of it. Very dry salad.

The pizza is very good. Doesn't make it in my top 5 of pizza in the valley, but tasty nonetheless. We had the kosmic karma. Very good combination of ingredients, although the toppings are a little sparse. The crust is very good! I LOVE it when pizza crusts are kicked up. Otherwise I usually don't eat the crust. This crust is buttery, soft, and a little sweet. 

The beer... The good news is they have a wonderful beer selection with many seasonal specials. It was very hard to decide with all the tasty varieties. 

The bad news is how overpriced the beer is. My husband and I had 2 large beers a piece and our beer alone cost $28! Our food was less than that! They should consider selling pitchers. Its places like this that make me miss Uncle Sam's where you can get good pizza and $4 premium pitchers.

The service was great. We sat in a booth in the bar and had 2 servers tag team our table. Both were super friendly and fast.

Sigh. I really do like the pizza but I will think I will only order takeout and buy a six pack of seasonal brew and enjoy my beer and pizza at home.
soggy pizza and no wine selection? What kind of pizza place is this???
Excellent menu (both food and beverages). Unique pizza crust making this a great place to get good pizza that's out of the ordinary but very tasty. Great tasting beers as well.  Service was very friendly!
I've been here 4 times. The first time I got their egg pizza. At first I was like, what? This is going to be weird...but it wasn't. It was absolutely delicious. Breakfast on a pizza? Soo tasty! And their beer selection is impressive! I just went there tonight and got their tasty reasonably-priced steak salad. As I expected it was quite good. The decor, ambience, food, people...really a great place.

But the real reason it gets 5 stars? Because of Tom, the manager. Our steak salads came out well done instead of our requested "rare." Not only did he sit and chat with us for about 5 minutes, he comped the salad and gave us a coupon for next time! We were super impressed. We didn't expect that at all nor even think it was necessary since we're not the complaining-type of patrons. But Tom showed us that he cared about his customers and wants us to come back again and again. And we will! Groovy.
I will update this later, when I have had more experiences here.

For now: I have not tried their food, although I've heard from several sources, including yelp, that it is amazing. 
I did try a "Root Beer Float" which is basically Captain Morgan and cream mixed with some other things. Personally, it was a little strong for me, considering I'm not a fan of spiced rum, but it was still pretty good.
They have a really extensive bar with a ton of draft beers. Also, a pretty interesting cocktail list...i.e. the bacon Martini... which I will probably NEVER have enough balls to try. 

The atmosphere is what really makes it for me. It seems like everyone is there to have a really good time. My friend that I went with seemed to know a lot of the people, which indicates to me that a lot of the same people tend to hang out there, which is cool. I really like intimate places like that. 

I also really love the late hours. Pizza is probably my favorite food in the entire world, so I know exactly where to go if I ever want to eat pizza super late.
Pizza's not bad (AZ just doesn't do it for me when it comes to pizza) but the beer selection is definitely the best in the area. Be sure to thank Jenna the bar manager for that and her awesome service. She is truly the best.
Definitely a fun spot for any night out.
I've officially had the pizza now.
I have to say that it is actually some of the BEST pizza I have ever had in my entire life. 
I actually woke up this morning craving it. The crust is super fantastic. 
I am really boring when it comes to pizza; this meaning that I either only eat plain cheese or I will get a pizza with one item on it. 

Someone once told me that getting plain cheese pizza is the best way to judge whether or not a place actually has good pizza. If you load it up with all that junk you can't taste whether the sauce is flavorful or the crust is good. I am here to say that Mellow Mushroom is the real deal. Their pizza is great even without all of the toppings.

I have heard that the specialty pizzas are phenomenal, so despite my normal behavior, I will have to try at least a few of them.

Mellow Mushroom, I will return for your tasty pies.
Great place to hang out and have dinner after work with friends. Wait staff is super friendly. Great drink selection. Pizzas are a decent size. Always have leftovers which I love the next day. Kosmic karma is my fave!
I didn't dine in the place but I did get delivery . For the most part I am not a fan of freaky weird pizzas and I prefer them traditionalism you might think different . 

We ordered two basic pizzas to share....and both of us didn't like the crust...weird tasting sweet wheat.... 


both of us didn't like the sauce....like ketchup . 

I note the cheese was actually good but this variation of pizza is not for pizza lovers
The pizza was good, but the wait is terrible. I waited for 20 min already and then they came out and said they dropped the pizza and would have to wait just another ten minutes. So after about forty minutes of waiting the pizza came out. They have a great variety to choose from. Their Yukon Potato pizza tastes just like a baked potato! Very yummy. Price is good, but service is lackluster. Food makes up for it.
I hate giving bad reviews but I have been three times now and hated it every time. The pizza has been soggy and the toppings fall off the crust. Crust is not good. Ordered salad w/ pine nuts on it and we got a whole two (2), yes we counted carefully...Great beer selection but otherwise meh! Other reviews seem okay so go and check it out, you might love it. Just putting in my vote.
Great beer selection.  But $5 for 12 oz cans/bottles, $6 for 16 oz drafts and $7 for 20 oz drafts seems a dollar too pricey across the board.

House wine was only $5 a glass.

We had a 10" house pizza.  Toppings were great, but I didn't care for the crust.  I'm not a traditionalist, mind you...I like corn meal in the crust.  But I didn't care for this crust for some reason.  The toppings, however, were really good.  $12.50 was, again, a little overpriced in my book.

Also had a 1/2 sandwich and salad, $5.50 each.  Good portions on both for that price.

Service was solid.  Very helpful and friendly.  When the wrong beer was brought out, no issue with bringing out the correct beer promptly and apologetically.

I may come back at Happy Hour, as it seems like the prices would be a little more reasonable then.  I probably won't have the pizza again, but it looks like there are lots of other solid options on the menu.
I've been here 3 times for a group happy hour. 

The first time, it was excellent.  Had a great waiter who stayed on top of things and even came over to remind us about happy hour ending and to see if we wanted any more drink orders so he could get them in before the cut off.

The second time, it was a bit worse.  We had a large group, and took up the entire patio.  However, there was only 1 waitress for about 40 of us.  She forgot orders, brought out wrong things, and had no idea who ordered which thing.  She overcharged me too many drinks that had already been paid for.

But since they have decent food, and GREAT prices during happy hour, we decided to come a third time.
Apparently the manager didn't appreciate our business because he immediately asked when we would be leaving.  He said that we take up the entire patio and no one else can sit out there because we take all the seats.  Mind you, every single person there is a customer.  Every single one of us ordered multiple drinks and plenty of food.  It's not like anyone was just sitting taking a seat, but not paying for anything.
This manager was so rude, that my co-workers debated leaving right then.  We will definitely not come back again.  We also do a fund raiser with them and our school once or twice a year.  We are planning on canceling that.

They have lost our business now, which is unfortunate.


If you have a large group, go elsewhere.  If you are looking for cheap drinks, and there's only a few of you, this is an okay place.  The pretzels are cheap and okay, nothing special.

My major compliment is that they have Wyder's Pear Cider, which is my favorite!
I have wanted to try this place ever since I saw the sign go up before they ever opened. But things kept getting in the way and preventing me from going, the finally I was given a groupon from my sister to try it out and I got really excited. 

Upon entering I was thinking, it's pretty cool inside, but where are all the TVs? I saw a couple on one end of the place, but we got seated at the other end, and I always thought this place would be kinda like a family friendly sports bar kinda place, but its just tables chairs and booths. I just shrugged it off, I was hungry anyway. 

I ordered a calzone while my wife ordered a buffalo chicken pizza. My calzone was really good but the pizza was just eh, there menu looks like it has a lot of good stuff but i guess it was just that pizza. 

We will definitely make another trip but now that we know it's probably not a good place to catch a game, we will wait until we're looking for more of a just dinner place.
I love, love, love the pizza here. They have great beer selections too. They have traditional flavors and new variations. They had one that was a variety of olives on top - wow - it was great. Only draw back is it's usually pretty noise and hard to have any real conversation over dinner.
happy hours are the best in town!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I went back to this place after work to give this place another chance. I had the bruschetta and it was very yummy. Happy hour is pretty good here, but I am still upset about them not having wine! I also haven't tried their pizza since the first time so that is why I only gave it 4 stars. Also, service it good and they are very personable.
I recently went here for the first time after hearing lots of good reviews and reccommendations. I am pregnant, and unfortunately could not enjoy anything of of their fantastic beer list, however, I will be coming back for that. When I do come back though, it will be during happy hour as it is expensive for a beer! I tried a pepperoni calzone and buffalo chicken pizza. The calzone was pretty good but the pizza was not! I love the buffalo chick pizza at Oggi's and I just don't know if anything else can live up to that. However, their dough was fantastic and there were a lot of other pizzas on the menu that looked good so we plan on coming back.
Loved the spinach salad.  I'll have to find out what kind of dressing that was in it.  Yumm  The beer selection is the first thing that I would come back for.  We ordered the Gourmet White pizza which has:
Olive Oil and Garlic base pizza with Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Provolone, Mozzarella, Feta, Roma Tomatoes and Onions.
Yummy. Especially the crust, which is a wheat crust that compliments the pizza very well.  Nothing left on my plate!  Hope to try the meatier, yes, I made up that word, pizzas next time!
Rarely do I get my undies in a bunch over a pizza place, but the food here was amazing. I have never had pizza like this, and I am now a convert. 
Went in on a whim and thought it would be more of a take out place, but it is sit down. We ordered raspberry beers, which were delicious, and had appetizers, the wings, which were baked not friend, and stuffed portobello mushrooms, which were outstanding. Super fresh, lots of cheese, and served with a syruppy balsamic dressing. Outstanding. The wings were good, not great. We had mild buffalo sauce (which was waaaay too mild, I would order medium next time) and the Thai sauce wings, which were the best. They were meaty, which was good. 
The pizza: Heaven sent. They use molasses in their dough, and the dough reminds almost of a soft pretzel. Awesome. I had the friend egg and pancetta pizza, which blew my mind, and my fiance had a pizza with olives, artichoke hearts, and lots of cheese. Both pizzas blew my mind and all the ingredients were super fresh. 
I can see how some reviews don't like the pizza, it is an acquired taste. If you are looking for a traditional pie, don't go there. It is far from traditional. the food was fresh and the service was attentive. Our server was a really nice guy and was super chatty and helpful. 
the only thing I don't get is the decor. Like, city modern meets hippie dippy? It is weird. I have heard that the one in Tempe is very eclectic and hippie, which makes more sense. I am guessing they made it more clean, modern, and family friendly at this location, but still, it is confusing. Either way, great pizza, go!
My colleagues in our Phx office made the mistake of bringing me here for lunch which resulted in a major carb coma afternoon. They also made the mistake of telling me about the pretzels because I HAD to order those! Hey, they could have brought me to Chino Bandido if that idea hadn't been shot down by a germaphobe.

Yes, the pretzels were amazing. I could have made an entire lunch out of the pretzels, and next time I just might. My favorite was the plain butter and salt. The pizzas weren't bad either. I forgot the names, but one was a pretty standard supreme and the other was Greek-inspired with chicken, olives, artichokes and tzatziki. They were both good, especially the thick, but crunchy crust. I love that there are a lot of non-tomato sauce options here. 

Now if only there was a Mellow Mushroom in California!
I have tried pizza all over town, but none of them compare to Mellow Mushroom's crust. It's tasty, crunchy yet soft on the inside, and healthier than the regular Joe's dough. So far I've tried Kosmic Karma, Melloteranian, White Pizza, Yukon's, and the House.... I haven't been disappointed yet! Also, the stuffed mushroom appetizer is to die for!
I guess I just don't get it. Every server I've had here was great, but I just don't really like the pizza. Streets of New York is better quality in my opinion. The crust doesn't have much flavor. It's utility pizza, which like mediocre chinese food is fine under certain circumstances, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. Also kind of pricey for what it is...the last time we came here we picked up three pizzas for a family party and the total was over $75.00.  I've tried a few of their funkier specialty pizzas and I didn't like any of them, so I'll stick to basic pepperoni if I go again. They do have a lot of draft beer options, which I appreciate, and it seems to be a great place for families with small kids. One time I saw a guy in a clown suit dining here. Random.
If you are looking for a basic pizza, this is not the place to go. They have an excellent crust, and they have gluten free options and also tofu "meat" toppings if you so desire. They also have different sauces (white, pesto, traditional) and different toppings (artichoke hearts, Portobello mushrooms, etc.)  The calzones are great also, and big enough to feed two.

TIP: Order one of the "named" pizzas on the menu if you can find one that suits you. If you build your own custom pizza or calzone you may get a bit of sticker shock when they bring the bill.
Been coming here for a year and a half, came on opening night and was blown away by the beer selection and it has only gotten better.  They used to change the taps a little more often, but their selection never disappoints.  Service can be spotty, sitting at the bar is your best bet.  All the pies are great but beware of the price if you make your own.
Great friendly service every time we come here. Awesome pizza and "munchies" that have been delicious every time. Just blows my mind why this place never makes me wait for a table =) but then again I often go on Wednesdays.
One of the best happy hours!

the look- Its kinda stark?, Im not sure if I want to use that but I will, when you walk in, seems dark. I always wander over to the bar and enjoy the open area and large windows.its always freezing in there bring a hoodie.

Tender of the bar- not bad but not fun and talkative either, so depending on your mood, could make or break you visit. Lots of brews on tap to choose from including Rouge dead guy ale.

Food- all of the food here is incredible, however the meatballs are out of this world ! dont leave without trying them.. don't you do it!! plus they are only 3 bucks on happy hour.

break it down Jess- simply great, wish it was closer to home.
This place is a happy hour gem. First off, their staff is amazing. Marlena is very knowledge and always has good recommendations when it comes to their large selection of alcoholic beverages. Happy hour gets you half off drinks and appetizers. I'm there every Tuesday night! See you there!
Went to dinner last night with my wife prior to seeing a movie at the Harkins nearby. 

The restaurant wasn't too busy and it took a minute for host to arrive and seat us. Our server came over promptly and was attentive throughout the meal. Drinks were refilled timely and she was patient with us when we couldn't make up our mind on what to order. 

To start we shared an order of hot oven roasted wings. Best part of the meal. Good flavor, tender and nice to enjoy something that hasn't been deep fried. 

Moving onto the pizza....... Big swing and miss. I can see the appeal of happy hour, but the prices for their pizzas are quite high. 

We ordered a 10 inch Kosmic Karma. Red sauce, mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, spinach, feta, and Roma tomatoes. This would have been a little better as a white pizza, but to accompany a heavy coating of pesto on top, they put nasty red sauce. This red sauce is lacking flavor and the little that it does have leaves a bad aftertaste. The crust looked like it would be tasty but it too was quite bland. For a place serving specialty pizzas I was expecting it to be bursting with great flavor. A pizza from Hungry Howie's would have been better even though they are by no means the best kind of pizza. Go to Grimaldi's for that. 

As far as portion sizes a 10-inch pie was more than enough for my wife and I to share. 

Overall I had high expectations after reviews on yelp and recommendations from coworkers. I will not be going back for another shot at dinner but may take a shot at happy hour one of these days.
I enjoy Mellow Mushroom.  You may say that I am a regular.  They have a phenomenal beer list.  If you live in the North Valley, you should go.  Over 20 craft beers on draught, dozens of greet canned craft brews and the best damn rootbeer around (try it with jager).  Unique hand tossed pizza (including Magical Mystery Tour and Baked Potato Pizza).  Sandwiches are good, but just chips come with it.  Nice staff and great happy hour from 3p-6p and 10p-close (which are the best times to afford to drink the craft beers).
I love Mellow Mushroom's happy hour and usually make it in for reverse happy hour a few times a month. The beer list is awesome, similar to yard house and they feature local brews. You cant beat cheap drinks ($3 southern comfort on happy hour) and half off on appetizers. I recommend the gourmet white pizza (the crust is amazing) and the tortilla soup. 
I wish I could give the place 4 stars but the bar area is decently busy at night and if you sit at a booth the bartenders want you to come up to the bar to order rather than come to you. They also use hidden valley ranch instead of making their own.
I have mixed feelings on the Mellow Mushroom. The pretzels we tried were really good, the pizza however not so much. The crust was different, but the sauce and the cheese just felt wrong. Maybe I have been spoiled with good pizza lately, but this is not a place I would return to grab a pie.

Their sandwiches and salads sound good, but even more appealing is the happy hour deals. Great beer list and half off? Enough of a pull to get me to return but I will stay away from the pizza on future visits.
I would like to start with 'I LOVE the food here'.  It is one of my absolute favorite lunch spots.  

So why the two stars you ask??  Because 95% of the time our order is wrong.  When we are dining at the restaurant  it isn't that big of a deal, it is when we order to go that it is extra annoying.  The funny thing about it is that we always order a 'build your own sub'.  So it isn't like we are being super picky and changing orders around!!  It has gotten to the point where we won't order to go anymore and we are hesitant about going because it is pain to always send our orders back.  Such a shame too, because this place could be great!
Went with a big group of med students after they took boards. The staff was accommodating, if a little flaky when dividing up orders but the drink choices were good albeit pricey. The place was loud and busy for just opening up. I just tried the "House Special" pizza and it was good. Overall, no complaints to going back.
We came back here cause we were in the area and my girlfriend was craving a orange blossom beer. That beer is so good and its local. This time I ordered the steak sandwich. I was surprised it was very good. Beef was sliced really thin and it was on a great soft and crunchy roll. I will say it could have used a little more meat and less lettuce but the flavor was there. My girlfriend got the Hawaiian pizza. I'm not a fan of the crust here but the Hawaiian pizza actually goes well with the sweet crust they have here. The menu is pizza, sandwiches and salads. They need a few pasta dishes on here in my opinion.
The reason i can't give it a full 5 stars is the service is spotty. Sometimes its really great with really friendly, awesome servers & other times, its like ... Geez, what bit her in the butt?

But the whole reason this place is so great is the Happy Hours are the best around. Half of appetizers & all the appetizers are incredible minus the wings.... (TRY THE ARTICHOKE DIP) yummmmmm.

& the beer is all super cheap on draft. Love the papago wheat beer. Delicious. 
Expect good food, good beer, & fun with your friends, but don't base your experience off the waiters because youll probably be let down.
The pizza is alright but the time it takes to get your pizza borders on ridiculous.  I have been twice.  The first time was just after this place opened so I thought I would try them again... just as slow now as they were then.  With so many other pizza choices in the Valley, I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
Used to LOVE it - I'll never go back.  Management = NOT mellow...

I used to go there at least once a week with my hubs- - ordered appetizers, entree, drinks...  We had a happy hour for work one Friday and it was pretty great so we opted to do it again. I called ahead and asked them if they could accomodate a table for about 30ish people. The past time we were there they put us on the patio so I requested it again - because I thought it was a better choice for them so we would be out of the way. It's also a very LOUD place - hard to talk to friends inside... The table was reserved without an issue.

When I arrived, my co-workers were already seated and a few of them were pretty angry. I was told that they had an issue with management not wanting to seat us because we were taking up spaces that paying customers would want. Mind you, when I arrived, there it was 4:30 on a Friday, the parking lot was fairly empty. There was no waiting. 

I think that they mistook us for a large party that had been there a few weeks prior...no evidence of this...just really bad treatement.

In order to ensure that they got enough "profit" from us I ordered two of ever appetizer for my table - shared tons of food -- it was fun. Everyone ordered drinks - seemed like we were actually turning into paying customers....hmmmm... I helped bus the tables and we all got out of there by 7pm.  The server really did her best -- the food was fine....

I asked to speak to a manager but the guy who had caused the initial issue was off duty. I attributed it to having a bad day or something -- thought for sure we would get an apology.  The manager actually told me that it might be better if we planned our happy hours on a Tuesday or Wednesday.  ???

One of my co-workers followed up with a management and they responded without any regret -- only suggested that we not take up their spaces for their customers...they actually stood by their argument that happy hour specials were a "gift" for their customers. I was wondering if they realized how much most of us used to go there.... "used to...".

This has been such a bummer for me and my co-workers because we really enjoyed going there but I won't ever be a Mellow Mushroom customer again based on the treatement they gave us.   We also have had two fundraisers for our school at Mellow Mushroom. That won't be happening again. 

If you have plans on a relaxing and "mellow" happy hour with your friends - do NOT go to Mellow Mushroom!
Mellow Mushroom is our favorite community hang out and local pizza joint. Living in the NW Valley, it was hard for us to escape from chain restaurants. When Mellow Mushroom opened, we were excited to try the new name to our community. Although it is technically a franchise/chain, we had never heard of it (or anything like it!). After our first trip, we were hooked. Going there frequently on Fridays, the restaurant hosts a nice crowd with a mix of families, couples, hipsters, and seniors. I am happy to see the crowed is still there nightly, because we were worried that it might close (People in the NW Valley seem to hate anything that isn't a Chili's or TGI Fridays)

Needless to say, we enjoy delving into a basket of wings, a buffalo chicken pizza, or my personal favorite, the Steak Salad. I highly recommend Mellow Mushroom to anyone who enjoys a nice variety of beer, a fun atmosphere, great customer service, and a different take on pizza-baking all-together.
Love this place!

They have a BBQ pizza with bacon.  How can you go wrong with bacon?  It is super yummy!!

The service is fast and friendly.  I would recommend this pizza place to anyone looking for something different with lots of flavor.
The Pizza is phenomenal.  I am all about the Funky Q Chicken and the Buffalo Chicken pizzas.

It's strange to be here because in VA, Mellow Mushroom is part of the college scene.  This one is a more cut-and-dry, well-maintained, family-friendly version.

It is really loud in the evenings (as they blast music at the bar), so try to be far away or if it's not too hot try to get outside, otherwise you're shouting to be heard.
Meh. I have been twice and I will condense my experience with what I have read (and agreed with). Happy Hour is the attraction. Otherwise you are paying around $8 for a draft beer. Seriously. In a fricking strip mall pizza place in frickin N Peoria. When the bar clears out immediatly after Happy Hour that tells you something is wrong. When they have GREAT draft selection but nobody is drinking draft beer that tells you something is wrong. Guess the locals knew something we didnt. Apps and beers are 1/2 off I guess during HH.
Pizza was good. Better be for the price. But it was good and I dont mind paying for it if its good. I would go back for the pizza. 
Service sucked. Seems to be a constant theme on Yelp with this place. Good at the bar, crappy at the table. Our waitress never checked back so we ordered all our drinks thru the Bartender and got to-go boxes from him. We finally found her sitting at a table jamming a sandwhich down her gullet when we were ready for the tab. I dont think she even remembered she had a table. Pretty lame cuz it wasnt busy (remember everyone had left when HH was over). 
I would go again for HH because my friends like it, but theres nothing else up there. They better tighted sh*t up before the economy kicks in and other restaurants start opening up around them. Has potential.
Disclaimer - I'm from Philadelphia so West Coast Pizza is another animal. I had the 14" cheese pizza and meatball app. The pizza crust was good, but the sauce was way too tangy for me. The pie itself looked like a deep dish, but when you started eating it, you realize its actually a very thin crust. It was OK....the meatballs were good and served with long toothpicks..kinda odd, but it worked. 
I ordered TO GO and the servers were very friendly and accomodating to my request for a fork and knife since I was in a hotel.
I would give zero stars if I could. I have never felt so betrayed by a server or a bartender in all of my dining and drinking experiences. I'm not one to normally complain to a manager about anything. If the service sucks, I don't tip. If the food tastes bad, I blame it on the establishment- not the specific server. Tonight was different. A few friends and I stopped in to have a few drinks. We sat at the bar and our first round went swimmingly well. The next round, not so much. I ordered the 'shroom collins' and proceeded to watch the bartender finish what was left of the bottle of tanq. She then pulled out a bottle of well gin to add to the drink. I'm not against drinking well. At all. I'm a huge fan of well happy hours, not against it. But when I'm paying 9.50 for a cocktail, I expect the liquor that is specified on the menu. I received my beverage and asked the bartender if they ran out of tanq. She said no. that she added triple sec.  Because it was special, for me. Nowhere on the drink menu was triple sec mentioned for the aforementioned drink. I asked her again, and said are you sure? I thought I saw you finish that bottle and pull out another one. She said no. that it was all tanq. She then offered to remake it for me; I said no, that I'll see how it tastes. So I debated with my group if I should say anything or not. Everyone agreed that I should ask to see the bottle of gin and see if it looked anything like what I "thought" I saw. I asked the other bartender to see the bottle. As she walked over to the mini fridge to get the bottle, the other bartender stopped her and "explained the situation". The bartender came over and told me the name of the gin. What does the name mean when I asked to see the bottle? I asked again and they wouldn't show it to me. So we got the check, I told them I wasn't paying for it, and I didn't. I spoke to the manager about it who did nothing...im thinking it may have been a busboy or a high college kid from asu west, either way he said to ask for him next time and he would get me a free drink "or something". Not sure what that means... either way, I don't like being lied to. Again, I order and pay for quality drinks. If someone has to make amendments to that drink, that's fine. Just don't lie about it. I will not be going back.
Run While you can!!!!  I just left the Mellow Rude Mushroom and I am still upset.  I ate in and then ordered a pizza to go.  I was clearly ordering from the to-go menu that I picked up on way in.  I gave my cc to the server while I was still eating and waiting for  my to-go pizza. I get my BILL and its over $20.00 for a small pizza!!! R U SERIOUS!!!! The 1st pizza we order was not even good!! I'm from a small town in MI with many many Italian Authentic Pizza Palors, I lived in Italy.. I know my pizza, this compairs a frozen pizza. I called the manager over to say I would like cancel my ridicously expensive pizza. I told him that no place under the build your own section does it state that a small cheese pizza starts at 8.99!! Then you pay 1.59 per ingredient.  He was rude, raising his voice at me saying "you did not grab that menu today, i changed them on Tuesday" I said yes I did, I picked it up on the way in.. Blake (the GM-sad part of the story they let this guy run the place). He continue to tell me what I didnt do, so I became upset. DON'T tell me that I didnt pick it up.. yes I did!!! I went over by the kitchen to wait for my pizza so they didnt do any damage to it.  I sit there and wait and watch my pizza sit on top of the oven.  He comes over and asked if I need something, I say I'm waiting for my Pizzza.,  He comes back with the one on top of the oven thats been sitting there.( as all the servers stand in the corner doing nothing) I say now you charge me over $20.00 for an extra small pizza, then your rude to me telling what I did and did not do, now you let my to-go pizza just sit. Then he comes over and with a rude tone says, your just made cause I didnt give you anything.  I have been in the service industry for over 15 yrs and still currently am.  This is the Rudest GM I have ever met!!! RUDE RUDE RUDE... I paid 55.00 for a salad, and 2 small pizza.. thats insane!!! there are many other great places to eat in that area.  Save your money and time and the rude GM and go to PF Changs.  If YELP would allow me to put 0 stars I would..
Ok this place is pretty cool with it's take on drug culture and basically turning a places normal entree into a pizza.  I have had most of the pizza's but what surprised me the most was their beer selection on tap and in the bottle etc.  They serve Abita Springs Turbodog which is one of my favorite brown ales.  When you go here don't just get the hawaiian pizza try the Yukon Gold Hot Potato pie or something you can get a hawaiian anywhere these days.  the sandwiches are quite good as well.  It's a little pricey for drinks etc but they do run a nice happy hour 3-6pm I believe.  They have a bacon martini it's belvedere and a strip of applewood smoked bacon how could you not enjoy a chain like this?  I have always had good service here and it seems to me like it takes a little longer than most places if you order a pizza.  Don't get me wrong they go the extra mile with the ingredients etc. but you wait for it.  Also if everyone gets a 10 inch pizza most of them are around 11 bucks.  It's worth it but the pizza and a few beers and you are looking at 25 bucks plus.  So again I recommend the happy hour but anyone who loves pizza and beer should make a trip to any of their establishments.
I have some friends that love this place. I don't get it. For anyone from back East, this is not your traditional pizza.  Most of the pizzas that people rave about are the California take on pizza. Not a fan, but they do have more of the traditional pizzas also.  Those pizzas are ok. Nothing speical and I almost would say that several of the larger pizza delivery places can make a better pizza.

As for the service... it's an ALL TIME LOW of bad service in Phoenix.  I can't think of a place I have eaten at the consistently gets your food out so slow.  Doesn't matter what you order or how busy or slow it is. You are going to get SLOW SERVICE.
All I ordered was a small pepperoni pizza and a soda, but I can't wait to eat here again.  If you don't like greasy pizza, and you're a light weight, this place isn't for you.   But, if you know what good pizza is supposed to look and taste like, and you appreciate service that keeps your drink full the whole time, stop by and order a pie.  Totally unexpected, but like the name suggests, when I left here, I was very happy and quite mellow.
I dream of Mellow Mushroom's pizza crust (and their pretzels). It is soooooooooo delicious. This place has a super cool atmosphere and great beers too! Definitely recommend this place to any pizza lover. The cosmic Karma is amazing!
Pretty cool establishment. I had dinner at the bar, which I highly recommend. The staff at the bar were very attentive. I had a couple of Maui Brewing Company coconut porters w/ dinner. I was pretty impressed they carried the brand, one of my favorites. For dinner I had the egg and pancetta pizza, which was pretty darn good. However, it could have used more pancetta and less crust. Next time in Phoenix, I'll be back for more.
The 3 stars are for their amazing beer selection and happy hour prices. They have my favorites on tap - Papago Orange Blossom (local, tastes like a creamsicle) and Rogue Hazelnut. The food is so - so. The pizza is tasty, but so greasy it leaves me feeling queasy afterwards and the rest of the menu is hit or miss. If you sit in the bar area, expect to have your eardrums blasted, too loud !
$5.99 lunch special!  Our experience was kinda weird, because Hubby's sandwich came out before our pretzel appetizers, which came out before my sandwich.  But, in her defense, our poor waitress was also the bartender and to-go gal and phone answerer.  She was running ragged, so I cannot fault her for the order in which we received our food.  My Italian sub was DELICIOUS, as was Hubby's meatball sub.  The pretzels, garlic parmesan, were not really pretzels; really pizza dough shaped into pretzels, but they tasted good with the marinara dipping sauce.  To her credit, our waitress kept our drinks full, and she processed our check/payment quickly (and she was chirpy and smiley, so good for her!).
Not a fan. All pizzas on the menu are very funky. I am not sure what the hype is about this place. Peperoni is not even on the menu! Lol. PIZZA IS WAY OVER PRICED. The server reminded me of Moby and was very odd. He wasn't friendly at all and called me a "whimp" for wanting cheese and pepperoni pizza.. Sorry, I  must be from another planet. I'm not going to go here again. Everything is overpriced. On a thursday afternoon this place was so loud I couldnt even hear my thoughts..
I went here on date night with my husband and was thoroughly disappointed. We wanted to give this place a shot, but it failed on all levels of our expectations. The food lacked real flavor, and was way over priced for the quality. I could get better pizza at the local chain pizza joint down the street. There were two good things about this place: good local draft beer, and friendly servers.
The waitress was very friendly and helpful.  However the food was not worth the price I thought I was eating at Peter Piper's with the quality that was served.  I ordered the HUGE portobello mushroom and received two small ones that were flattened  The only thing worth going back for was the beer on tap since they do not produce it.  I would say over all the best part was walking out the door.  The pricing on the menu was like a Scottsdale restaurant but without the atmosphere.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Not for us. The pizzas were OK and that's about it. Prices seemed extremely high ($45 for 2 small pizzas, garlic bread, and sodas). Noise level way too high even with small crowd. The wall and overhead have no sound deadening and I could not hold a normal level conversation with my table mate. We won't be back.
Pizza is not very good and the staff lets you sit for long periods with out help. I know a lot of people that like this place but if I am going to have a meal that is not the healthiest then at least I want it to taste pretty outrageous. Will not go here again!
Decent crust, unique toppings and fun sides made this a decent choice.

I was at a house party with friends and we oped to get some pizza to go. We got there a bit early and the manager Blake was nice enough to give us a cookie to enjoy while we waited.

We had a white pizza, which was great, but a bit greasy. The crust looks to be partially whole wheat is and very dough like, there was copious amounts of mozzarella  and goat cheese as well as hits of other cheeses. 

The super veggie pizza on paper sounded wacky with Tofu on it but in reality it was just a veggie pizza.

If you happen to be up in this end of the world and want some gourmet chain pizza this might be a match for you.
You will love the pizza here, unless you're some sort of east coast pizza snob that thinks all pizza should be the same.  The toppings are very high quality, and the crust is awesome.  They have very creative and different styles of pizza, so you have to keep an open mind.  I'd highly recommend the Egg & Pancetta, Buffalo Chicken, or the Yukon Gold Hot Potato Pie pizzas.  While you're there, grab a pint of the Papago Breweries Orange Blossom Wheat Beer, you will not be disappointed!
Worst crust I've ever had.  Strange place.
Food Poisoning (Salmonella) is what we got!  My husband and I took our 4 kids here Friday night 11-25-11 Black Friday.  Ordered the all meat pizza.  Our 7 yr old didn't want it.  So he got the PBJ and apple off kids menu.  He never ate the pizza.  My husband and two daughters ate some of his apple.  My other son and I didn't.  Later that night my 7 yr old son complained of headache and stomach ache.  He started vomiting.  Next morning my 13 yr old daughter complained of same thing and vomited all over.  Then an hour later my husband started vomiting and terrible stomach pains and explosive diarrhea.  My 17 yr old daughter then got headache. She went on to a baseball game.  While there she vomited terribly in the bathroom all over the floor, toilet and herself.  Very humiliating.  The drive home was an hour and she was so sick. My 16 yr old son and I are the only ones not sick.  The apple is the only common denominator.  Fevers set in and back/neck pains.  I have never cleaned up so much vomit and crap in my life.  

I called MM manager and told him. He was clueless.  He couldn't understand how an apple could do this.  Hello?  What do you use to cut the apple?  Where did you cut it?  Did you wash it before serving?  Did the cook wash his hands after touching raw meat before he cut the apple?  Figure it out!!! Before you get all your customers sick to death!   OMFG.   Mellow my ass!  This food poisoning was nothing like Mellow.  It was awful. 

We have been here 3 other times.  First time they burnt our pizzas.  The other two times were ok.   Pizza is not bad, but not my favorite.  Very disappointing. We won't be going back.  I'll find a better place to spend a $75.
Great place for pizza. Delicious. Didn't try the beer but they had a lot. Fun ambiance. They were super busy yet seated my party of 4 as soon as we walked in. No wait. Nice booth too. 40$ for 4 people to eat. Before tip. Great place.
I used to be a fan until tonight! I walk up to an empty table in the bar with a few empty glasses on it and stood by it to try to get some help. After about five minutes and at least three employees looking at me as they passed me by without as much as a hello I cleared the table myself and sat down. Then the same girl that had passed me by twice without saying a word told us that our table was to be sat by the host. When i told her i was leaving , she walked away smiling. It would have been nice if one of the many employees that passed me by would has asked me if I needed anything or advised me to speak to the host. I'll stick with buffalo wild wings from now on.
Pizza? Delicious. I am a huge fan of the crust. Same for the unconventional pizza toppings.

Beer? Plentiful. $6 for a pint off happy hour is a little steep but I'll roll with it.

Service? Average. I rarely make special ingredient requests, it's usually "can I have the spicy ranch/sauce on the side instead of on the pizza". Sometimes it comes out right, sometimes it doesn't, and sometimes the ingredient is both on the pizza and on the side. So, yeah, there is some disconnect between ordering and what comes out to you. I'll still eat the darn pizza, though.

The environment is just right for a laid back outing with a few friends or your date. A couple of brews, good food, good tunes and good conversation, you should be set.
Bland, uninteresting and uninspiring calzones, and at $12-13 apiece, a poor value. I won't patronize this place again - subsidizing mediocrity merely perpetuates it.
We've been to the Mellow Mushroom in Tempe a few times now and really enjoyed it.  Tonight my wife was really craving something and some how stumbled on this one on our side of town.  She was sold, she had to have it tonight.  

The Pizza at Mellow Mushroom is always fantastic, and this one was no exception.  We had the Thai Pizza.  It has some curried chicken, cucumbers, basil, tomato, some onion and a sweet chili sauce.  It was fantastic.  It was sweet and savory and a little spicey and just all around yummy.  The crust on the pizzas here are always great.  They aren't the super crunchy crust like at  New York style pizza.  They are a little soft, a little chewy and a little crunchy.  All the goodness is there.  We've had several of the Pizza from here and they are always awesome.

We also got a Steak House Salad to split with the pizza and again, it was great.  We substituted some Parmesan cheese for the Blue cheese (I just don't like it) and it was superb.  It was your typical salad with mixed greens and the usual chopped veggies.  But they also added in some corn "salsa" and some avocados.  The steak was cooked perfectly and was super tender and delicious.     

The beer selection here is also great.  They have a bunch of local brews (some are seasonal and some are always there).  Our waiter was pretty knowledgeable about the beers (although we've had some that aren't always so knowledgeable) and brought us out a few samples of the ones we were interested in.

The only real reason that I'm not giving this place the 5 stars that it may deserve is the price.  It is a little pricey.  The beers are 6 bucks a pint, the small pizza we got was $12 and the salad was about the same.  So all in all, for the two of us to have a slice of pizza (with 2 left over) and some yummy salad was $50.  If you are willing to spend a couple extra bucks for something fantastic this place is definitely worth it.
This is my all time favorite pizza place. Their buffalo chicken pizza is the best. 

Great service and their selection of local beers is awesome. They have a good happy hour as well. I recommend this place to anyone.
I really like this place alot. their pizza's are really different but really good! I wish i could say i had a favorite but ive liked every pizza ive gotten except the portabello mushrooms cause i dont like mushrooms but other than that they have an amazing beer selection! Major thumbs up!!
I must admit I frequent this place mostly for the Happy Hour specials. Half of Apps and Booze from 3-6 and 10pm to close. Most week days it pretty easy to find a spot to sit or a place at the bar, but come Friday and Saturday this place it full to the gills so get there early! 

Meatballs and Cheese bread make for a good snack, the pretzels are quick pick too. 
As far as pizzas are concerned, I usually stick with the Buffalo Chicken or a House Special. 

Service has been spotty in the past but things have gotten a lot better in the recent months. 

Large beer selection and full service bar, good for a few during happy hour and great place to bring your friends.
Stuffed mushroom on appetizer menu Delicious very large beer menu.
When I see a China Mist Iced Tea container I usually feel I'm in good hands.  I don't know if they just use the container and are using a cheaper brand of tea or it's just not strong enough but the Iced Tea was MEH.  I am picky about my tea!

 Pizza is near and dear to my heart and when I found out I had celiac disease and could no longer eat main stream pizza it just about killed me!  I have embraced the gluten free lifestyle during the past year and have been on a journey for excellent gf pizza.  I found it at Picazzo's and pay a very good price for it.  When I saw the $18.50 price tag for the "House Special" gf pizza at Mellow Mushroom I thought:  Cool.  Pricey but should be an excellent za.

Here is the explanation of ingredients:  Red sauce base, Mozzarella, Pepperoni, Sausage, Ground Beef, Onions, Green Peppers, Mushrooms, Black Olives, Tomatoes, Ham, Bacon, and extra cheese.  Wow!  Sounds great right?  

Okay, first off I am not a ground beef on za kind of girl.  So I asked not to have any. All the GF pizza is on a 12" crust.  Pretty standard.  I asked and the server said that corporate makes their flour and sends it to them to make in house.  Okay.

The crust includes bean, rice and tapioca flours as well as many other things.  I have had gf pizza's many places and I have to say that this crust was the worst I've ever had.  Including those made with mixes from the store.  It was nasty.  Soggy cardboard about sums it up.  I finally gave up and just scraped the toppings off to eat those it was so nasty.

The toppings themselves were okay.  The meats were forgettable but the veggies were pretty good.  I think I've decided I prefer yellow and red peppers over green and I really prefer those and my onions caramelized vs. fresh. The other thing is that their tomato sauce was extremely bland.  Tasted like mediocre tomatoes which were just pureed with no spices whatsoever. Come on, it's almost a $20 little pie.  It needs to taste like it.

My husband had the regular House Specialty pizza and he was equally unimpressed. I won't be back!  I know where I can get my $20 excellent pie and this IS NOT it!
We stopped at Mellow Mushroom this afternoon for late lunch/early dinner. The experience was overall very frustrating. The food was 3 stars, but the service was a one star. 

We waited about 10minutes to order, no big deal. Boyfriend created his own sandwich. I wanted pizza -- They let me know that they offer vegan options for pizza. Our server told me if I order the Mega Veggie pizza, they would just make it vegan for no extra cost (no butter on crust, no egg, sub daiya cheese for regular and add tofu). Awesome, right?

We waited for FORTY FIVE minutes for our food -- and we were one of six tables out of at least 30 available. They were slow, yet our server never came by to apologize for the wait or let us know it'd be coming out any minute. 

We finally got our food. Boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich -- my pizza was pretty good. I loved that they use Daiya cheese and not some soy crap. 

We get our check -- his sandwich was $13 (french bread, avocado, salami, pesto mayo, caramelized onions, spring mix) - a little on the pricy side. He enjoyed it, but definitely said it wasn't worth the price.

My 14" pizza was $19.50 + $3.99 for cheese. They added $4 for my 'vegan' cheese which I did not ask for (had I known, I would've just gotten veggies). I asked our server why this was... she gave me some attitude about how she's new and made a mistake. Didn't apologize -- didn't offer to take it off -- she even mentioned her manager knew she told me the wrong price. Her manager was aware and didn't come by. WHY NOT ASK ME IF I WANT TO PAY AN EXTRA $4 BEFORE PLACING THE ORDER WITH THE KITCHEN? No apologies, no discount and attitude on top of it. Super lame. That was not a $25 pizza. 

Food was okay, definitely not coming back and not recommending this to anyone.
Met friends here for dinner tonight for my first visit. Overall it was fairly enjoyable. The pizza was tasty, the cheesy bread was yum and the drinks were kept full. We had the Gourmet White and the Funky Q Chicken. Both were tasty but not better than anything else I've had. Our server was ok. He wasn't friendly, but he wasn't distant either. He was just kind of there. The restaurant is pretty open and bright which is nice. 

All that having been said...Mellow Mushroom is PRICEY. We had 2 pizzas, cheesy bread and fountain drinks and the bill came to $70. I don't get sticker shock often, but that one surprised me and honestly, it wasn't worth $70. I've had better pizza at Picasso's without the sticker shock. 

Mellow Mushroom was ok. I'd go back but I'd say begrudgingly at best. It's a long way to drive for me to spend $70 on pizza.
My wife and I went here recently for lunch and pretty much agree with most of the comments already posted - pizza was excellent, yet pricey - great selection of beers, yet pricey also - ordered jerk chix wings - excellent! Service was good, no problems there. 

Overall, my suggestion would be even though they do have 4.99 lunch specials - I would head over for cheap apps and drinks during happy hour or reverse happy hour after 10. We will be back, just probably not with the family - that bill might break us!
We ate @ Mellow Mushroom for the first time last week.   We ordered the Magic Mystery Pizza.  It was excellent.  Being vegetarian, it's not often that we find that many choices, it was hard to choose!   Our waiter, Jody, was very helpful and took very good care of us.  We will definitely be going back soon.
great bartender
Mellow Mushroom is a great place to go for happy hour drinks. They have reverse happy hour every night. Half off all drinks starting at 10pm! The bartenders and service is great, plus the food is yummy as well. It's a great place to get "super mellow."
I went here with some work friends and was surprised at the nice atmosphere of the place. We sat outside, and I brought my 7 year old with me. The soft pretzel was delicious, the service was great, and the crowd was cool. It's a little too 'chainey' for me, but I would definitely go back if I lived in the area.
Come to California dammit! The pizza is AWESOME!!!!! We ordered the Gourmet White Pizza, holy mother of pizza's! It was fresh, hot and tasty! Don't dare me..I'll eat the whole thing, I swear! lol

The bar scene is also cool, they have tons of beer selections, TONS!

You have to try this place...I also heard they have great happy hour.
Glad that we found a place with an atmosphere reminiscent of our Blind Onion at home. MM has an excellent beer selection, which is great for self proclaimed beer snobs like my BF and  I. For the life of me, I cannot figure out how someone would drink a Girl's Light when there are so many more fantastic tasty beers available! But I digress....So far the only pizza we tried has been the buffalo chicken. I didn't expect it to be good, but it was! Fresh ingredients are clearly obvious. The only draw back is that it is a bit on the pricey side, but I am definitly up to try more of their menu.
Best pizza I've had in a long time! We will def be back!!
Being from Chicago I have found it extremely difficult to find good pizza since I moved here a few years ago.  I didn't go here because I was looking for a chicago style pizza so my expectations weren't high. I was blown away by how good the pizza is. It is definitely my favorite in the valley. I will be going back time and time again.
Went here for lunch after riding dirt bikes in the desert. We have had Mellow Mushroom in Georgia and Florida, but this one was top notch.  Very clean, staff very friendly , and food OMG to die for. 

The garlic cheese bread is fantastic, and the calzones are my favorite.
I was so excited to come to Mellow Mushroom as it was a place I frequented when I lived in Atlanta.  Needless to say, it is close but not the same as the ATL.  We tried this location on two separate occasions.  My favorite item is the parmesan pretzels, but they are way to greasy here.  The food is a little pricey for what you get.  Also, the last time we were here, at the end of dinner, I sucked up a dirty straw wrapper in my water.  Needless to say, I won't be back any time soon.
Had a decent lunch at Mellow Mushroom. Built-to-order chicken sandwich. Didn't come as ordered (they forgot the kalamata olives and side of spicy mustard). Food was kinda bland without these items. Waitress was not not attentive and didn't stay around long enough to be able to report the issues. 

My wife had the Caesar pizza and I had a slice of that. It was very tasty. Overall, I would probably try the place again, but wasn't overly impressed for a first visit.
Happy hour is the best in my area. Plenty of beers on tap to choose from. I don't love the pizza but the wings are the best! Try the Jerk chicken wings or the Sweet Chili wings.
Just a quick review  - first time visitor today at lunch.  Service was horrible - took forever.  Appetizer of Bruschetta (which the server pronounced Brewshetta) was tasteless - toast was 'toast' actually - hard as a rock... bout broke a tooth.

The pizza (Mellowterranian) was good but not spectacular.  Again - took an act of a higher being to get our food out.

Don't know if there will be a next time -
I've only been here only once so my review might not be as accurate as it could be.

The mellow mushroom is a very delicious sandwhich/pizza place. When I went, I had the Avacado sandwhich on french and the italian sandwhich on pita. Both were delicious. I believe the pricing for sandwhiches is around 6 dollars for a half sandwhich and 10 for a whole sandwhich. The servings and quality are tops. I would go here for a nicer, casual lunch.

The menu also seems friendly for vegetarian as I noticed a lot of non-meat sandwhiches.
Been here a few times and have had good experiences each time. Happy hour is the best in the north valley. Craft beers galor on tap. Food is excellent as well.
I went to their new location at Phoenix North on Deer Valley between Tatum and 56th Street. I had the Shittake Pizza which was superb. Highly recommended. Chewy crust with lots of mushrooms. A few negative aspects - the music was way too loud and it was difficult to converse with the wife. Now that I'm thinking, maybe that's a positive feature. We sat on the patio and the misters weren't on so it became quite unpleasant. The manager turned on the mister upon my request. In my opinion, $19 plus tax and gratuity for 6 slices of pizza is on the high side. But, as far as quality of the pizza, it's almost as good as Humble Pie's pizza.
Wings are amazing!!!  The pizza is pretty good as well.  They also have a good happy hour and a lot of different beers on tap and in bottles.  Make a delicious/strong rum and coke!  I would definitely recommend this place.  It can be crowded at times in the bar, but I have always been able to find a seat within a matter of a few minutes!  Definitely recommend giving it at try!
This review is a tough one to write.  I like the Mellow Mushroom overall but there are just some flawed pieces that I can't avoid.  The food is good, not great.  I have had a variety of food here from sandwiches to the veggie pizza.  I like everything I have eaten fairly well.  It comes in a reasonable time. 

Then there is the bad.  The food is good but for what you pay it should be more than good.  This isn't filet mignon we are talking about.  This is salads, sandwiches, and specialty pizza.  Most of this stuff I can make at home and when I go to a restaurant if I am going to eat something that I can make at home, it better be pretty darn skippy.  If I wanted to get a really good sandwich at a good price I would go across the street and get something from Jersey Mike's.   For this price it needs to be great.  So I just can't justify going here anymore.
So we have been here probably 50-70 times, and this is the first time I am reviewing Mellow!!  I love this place. I believe that Mellow has the best beer selection in town with both rotating local and national micro brews. And of course the happy hour is half off all of the beer and other alcohol selection. So basically you can get a large 20oz beer for $3.50!

The pizza is also amazing. My personal favorite is the Thai dye pizza which has sweet chili sauce and chicken Curry. Sounds crazy but it is super good! I've also had the meat pizza, buffalo chicken pizza and they were all good. Also during happy hour all of the appetizers are half off and all are great!  You can't beat it!
Food is good, not great. A quick place to stop in for a bite after a movie. 

Service, the few times I have been there, have been "ok" - but nothing exceptional. I have to ask for my refill, they did not ask me. 

I had higher hopes for this place - so sad they don't live up to them.
This was my third time here and I have to say I love their pies and apps! Plus, if you visit during happy hour (I think it was listed M-F 3-6 & 10-close) you get get 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price beer! They have a TON of specialty beers on tap and a large selection of craft bottles too. Love that they carry so many local offerings including Prescott... I am all for supporting local businesses. Last visit we had one of their desserts, (I think the cookie sundae) which was okay, but obviously not very memorable. Pies are such unique combinations and I appreciated that our server asked if we wanted anything kept off our pizzas to accommodate our tastes. Pretty quick food arrival and attentive servers. Bar area appeared to have a great after-work atmosphere from where we were sitting. We will be back again!
Let me start by saying the pizza is fantastic - seems to have honey or agave glaze crust with a slight sweetness to balance the crispy crust - Yum!  We had the Thai Dye and Red Skin Potato Pie.  However, the Thai Dye seemed more of a mix between Thai flavors and Indian, with the curry chicken.  Not a big fan of potato pizza, but this was very good.  That said, we had a Caesar salad and chef salad to start.  Both tasted "homemade" - not in a good way - and we literally had 2 croutons on the large Caesar.  However, the service was atrocious.  We had to flag down our waitress to refill our drinks (we only wanted one refill - not asking for constant service) and again to get a box for leftovers (which she just placed on the table and then walked away).  We also had to ask (again) for the check and she replied "Do you have a Groupon" - ah, the light bulb.  Not sure why she thought we had a Groupon, but should that matter?  Being a former server, I tend to tip more, but definitely not last night.  The waitress was not busy, just decided we were not worth her effort, I suppose.    
Atmosphere - the restaurant was very loud - acoustics are poor.  And, my personal favorite - the party sitting next to us had a Yorkie in the 4th chair.  The dog behaved better than the women sitting with her - they kept fussing over the dog, who just wanted to sleep. But, since the Yorkie was wearing a dress and sitting in a Juicy knockoff bag, hard to believe it was a service animal.  I like dogs, but really not appropriate in a restaurant dining room and seems like the dog should have been discreetly out of sight, not sitting in a chair pulled up right next its owner.
So we might get carryout from now on - pizza only - but unlikely.
I ordered a large pizza with extra sauce. I got home and the pizza had almost no sauce, which is very annoying. The bartender offered me an iced tea while I waited and she was very attractive. The pizza took 30 minutes and it was all crust too. Do not see the value at all, even with the 50% off groupon that I used. I would go there for a drink at the bar next time.
Weekend lunch with friends.
Takes a while to make the food.
Pricey.

*Avoid the calzone*
Worst calzone ever.
The Mighty Meaty is packed, but I love the Philosophers Pie with steak, olives & fetta cheese! Good service and clean.
Probably not the best pizza I've ever had, but definitely in the top 5!  Had the groupon deal of 50% off, so that made it even a better experience.  Not exactly the atmosphere for a "date night", but the quality of bread/sauce/toppings is fantastic.  If you like specialty beer and pizza, there is no reason not to try this place.  Will be returning for sure!
First visit...Had lunch here today - used my Groupon.  

We ordered the Bruschetta, Pretzels and Steak & Cheese Calzone.

-We both thought there was WAY too much Balsamic used.  Also, we expected mozzarella cheese - not Feta.

-We tried the butter and salt pretzel & cinnamon sugar with honey pretzel.  They were okay. They should have kept the honey on the side like they did for the mustard.

-The calzone was good. We liked the dough and it was fairly well filled/stuffed.

Overall, we thought it was average as far as the food is concerned - and a little pricey for quality and portions.

We have another Groupon to use so maybe we'll try a pizza for the next one.
Excellent selection of draught beers, the personal pizza is incredible value, their other pizzas are also awesome. Relaxing atmosphere.
We won a gift card to this place and had never heard of it. Then we were 
Icky enough to find a Groupon as well! So we decided to head out and check it out and leave the kids with grandma. We went at lunch time and the place was pretty empty.  We were seated in a comfy booth and began looking over the menu. The place had a really nice bar with a lot of interesting beer selections, but we weren't drinking on this particular day, so we passed. We decided to get some appetizers since they were half off for happy hour. I got the Capri (tomatoes, basil, mozzarella and balsamic glaze) and it was wonderful! My husband got the pretzels, which were also really good. We got one of each and liked the Parmesan ones best.

 For entrees we ordered the Holy Shiitake pizza with like 3 kinds of different mushrooms and a Mushroom Club. Both were amazing! The pizza crust is made with molasses and has a really original taste to it. It has some chew to it and a nice crisp exterior. The pizza was decent in size and the price runs about the same as California Pizza Kitchen or most other gourmet pizza places. The pizza was VERY good though. The Club was also really good! It had a lot of meat and the combination of all the ingredients was perfect. Nothing was overpowering and the bread was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. 

Our overall experience was really good! We are looking forward to going back to this place, though we will probably go to the Tempe location as it is closer to our house. Mellow Mushroom is a great place for a unique twist on pizza and the prices are pretty reasonable as well.
Went for cocktails Saturday night. They have a nice late night crowd with a reverse happy hour. I was impressed with the friendly bartenders. They Kept a tight watch on under age drinking. This place is well managed . I will be back!
This place has been consistently good.

The pizza is very good (Better than most places) and I am a fan of the FunkyQ Chicken Pizza. They have quite a few Vegetarian pizzas (which appeases my wife) and their build your own sandwich option is a good value for fresh food.

It can sometimes be a bit busy and loud, however the service has always been quite good and attentive.

The food can take some time to come out, but it is worth it. I would not come here for lunch unless I had a long break from work.

We usually go on a mid-week night as Friday/Saturday can get busy and there usually is a wait.
Returned for a 2nd visit. I had the wings and a steak calzone. Everything was very good.
I can't get enough of this place! The pizza is awesome, the calzones are awesome and the sandwiches are awesome.

Service is generally on top of everything, and the prices are perfect for what you get.
If this was a review simply for the food I would give this place five stars. I LOVE Mellow Mushroom pizza. The crust is simply amazing and their pizza choices are amazing. Red Skin Potato Pie? YUM! The sandwiches and appetizers here are really great too. 

If this was a review simply for the delivery I would say four stars with one star off for not offering any drinks for delivery. Pizza's just not meant to go with water and we don't keep any soda at home. Although we did one time luck out with a guy who was kind enough to send two cola's over in plastic to-go cups. Thank you guy!

It's the service at the establishment itself that brings the score down to three stars for me. The first time we actually went to eat here was earlier this year after my mom had just flown in for a visit and was ready for dinner after a long flight. Since this place is close to where we live and I already loved the food from the few times we've ordered it I suggested we stop in. The food was good but while my mom and I ordered appetizers and received our food in a decent amount of time my poor boyfriend waited forever for his small pizza. By the time we got it we had to have been there about an hour and he ended up getting a box for it right away so we could finally go.

The second time we went with a group of friends and the service was better this time around but I have to say the noise from the bar area kind of put me off from wanting to go back in. Picking up from the location is a bit annoying as well, as we had to go back to the loud bar area and try to catch a bartenders attention so we could pay for our order while he fetched the pizza. Granted I know that on a Saturday night a noisy bar is to be expected but I think we'll stick to delivery from now on when we want to enjoy this delicious pizza.
I have been to the 'Shroom a couple times now since going gluten free. There isn't much in the form of non-gluten items at the 'Shroom, but they do have gluten free pizza.

Which... last time I was there... I was glutened by.  It wasn't huge or anything, but it felt like a cross contamination issue, so if you go and are very sensitive like I am, make sure they cook it safely for you.

FYI... the capris sauce, is not GF.  I was so bummed.

Service has never been an issue here... they are always friendly.

What I also like is that they have ciders included in their massive beer list! Yay... 

When I went to the 'Shroom before being diagnosed Celiac, I used to have their hoagies... OMG. I loved the portobello veggie one... it was amazing.

The ambiance of the place is cool... very trendy like with artsy photos of downtown Phoenix and wacky things... like videos of eyes looking at you in the bar.  So weird. lol
Went to the Happy Valley location... First the eh not so good then savings best for last...
Stay far away from the wings if you like 'em crispy, they're oven baked and mushy! Second if you have a headache before going in stay out. This was the loudest restaurant ever even louder than Organ Stop! 
Now the best, being from Chi-Town I love my pizza... We had the Thai with Chiicken and curry with an amazing Thai Chili drizzle! I think I'm pretty tough on reviews BUT this pizza was a 5 and 6 if they went to 6. Great crust and sooooo flavorful... A must try, enjoy
Well. This is it, Mellow Mushroom. I am breaking up with you. For whatever reason, we just can't seem to hit it off. We started eating in the Happy Valley location but after a long string of back luck we decided to try the take out route.

On one occasion eating in, our server went home after taking our order and never brought our food. On another, we waited over an hour after taking our order to get our pizza but when it arrived it was burnt to a crisp (and had the wrong toppings) on several occasions we were seated and it took 20 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. Call it bad luck or whatever but dining in has never really worked out for whatever reason.

Sigh, but now, "take out" isn't even "working out". We've had two incidents of driving to the restaurant at the time we were told to pick up our order and then we had to wait another 20 minutes because it wasn't ready. And on top of that our orders are consistently coming out wrong - and for the prices I'm paying, I deserve better. 

Originally, what I liked about Mellow Mushroom was that it was a little bit different than other pizza places. Unique pizza and sandwiches, sort of on the expensive side but a nice change of pace. Not outstanding but different. 

Generally, I have a problem with the service. I've probably visited this location about ten times (and as a former server myself) I have to admit, I've never been to a restaurant in recent memory where the staff is so unprepared or uninterested in what they're doing. From greeters who don't greet, to servers who disappear to food that arrives late (and often wrong) to getting the wrong check from a table of 8 (there were three of us at lunch) - we've just had so much bad luck with this place.

Working in a restaurant for years, I know that things happen and I'm willing to forgive and forget. And for Mellow Mushroom, that doesn't seem to matter much. On the last incident where we got the wrong order, no one even apologized. I can forgive mediocre food if the service is excellent but after so many chances, the only consistency I've found here is frustration. I tried. I really tried. But we have to break up. I need to find someone who appreciates me as a customer. 

If you are interested in the gluten-free pizza or if you enjoy a nice selection of beers, Mellow Mushroom is probably a good option. But at this price range, there are a lot of better options close-by that are less frustrating. I really don't like leaving negative reviews (the last restaurant I wrote one for is now out of business) but I hope Mellow Mushroom can improve and give others a better experience.
Still the best beer and pizza ever!
Whenever I'm at the Norterra Shopping center, Mellow Mushroom beckons to me from across the parking lot. I don't typically have time to stop and eat, though. But, today was different. My wife and daughter were both home on my day off, so we went exploring!

During our adventure, my wife mentioned that she was craving pizza. But, not basic delivery pizza...she wanted REAL pizza.

This was my chance! I mean, we were already running errands up north, so this was the perfect opportunity to satisfy two cravings...my wife's for pizza, and mine for figuring out what all the buzz was surrounding this mysteriously named restaurant.

The place is very quirky. It's got a few quasi-psychedelic pictures hung around the entrance. There are about half a dozen disco balls hung from the ceiling in the atrium as you wait to be seated. Among the disco balls, there's also a moon hung in the middle. On the moon, there are cool little trinkets, ranging from firefighters, policemen (both from the tops of trophies), and there's a network of telephone lines on poles spanning the moon. Very cool.

Now, we didn't have to wait to be seated today...it was 1:00 in the afternoon on a Thursday...not exactly "prime time" by restaurant standards. 

My daughter wanted to sit outside, so we requested a patio seat. At first, the hostess told us that the front patio was reserved for a large party that would be coming in shortly. Then, she had an epiphany, and realized that there's another patio off behind the bar. Both patios have a misting system to help you stay cool during the blazing hot summers out here. Today, the misters were going, but they might not have been necessary. The way the building is positioned, both patios are completely shaded by 1:00 pm. It was exceptionally comfortable.

Now, the menu is pretty cool. It offers up great pizzas, though they can be a bit pricey, ranging from  around $12 for a small (10") pizza, to almost $30 for a large (16") pizza. There are several specialty pizzas from which to choose, or you can build your own.

Now, since we got there during lunch, we got to use the lunch menu. Here, they offer a personal pizza (8") for $4.99! My wife got a plain pepperoni,  and I got a bacon/jalapeno pizza. This personal pizza was perfect for us! The crust was nice and thick, and the ingredients were fresh and delicious!

My daughter ordered from the kids' menu. She looked over her choices, and she opted for the French Bread Pizza with pepperoni and cheese. She could have chosen macaroni and cheese, but she was happy with her decision.

An interesting side note...our personal pizzas were only $4.99...my daughter's meal was $5.50...go figure.

So far, this sounds like a rave review, doesn't it? I mean, cool atmosphere, great food...in all honesty, the meal alone, in my opinion, earns this place 5 hand-tossed stars. 

But what about the service? Yeah...what ABOUT the service? I don't know what the circumstances were surrounding our completely shoddy service. Maybe the waitress was supposed to have gotten off right when we came in. Maybe she didn't like the prospect of waiting on a table with a child. I can't say for sure, because I never really talked to her.

From the time the hostess seated us, we saw the waitress 4 times. She came out once we were seated, asked us what we wanted to drink, and left. She returned with the drinks, took our order, and left. After someone from the kitchen brought us our food, the waitress showed up to see if we were alright. Then she showed up at the end to bring us the check and a to-go box.

If that last paragraph seemed curt, it's because I was trying to emulate the waitresses attitude. Also, notice how I refer to her as "the waitress". This girl didn't even introduce herself at the onset of the meal.

So, like I said..the actual restaurant was a STRONG 5 stars. The indifferent and lackluster service earns a resounding 1 star.

5+1= 6
6/2= 3

Basic math lowers what would have been an awesome review down to the middle of the road at best.
This place has a lot going for it. Great beer selection, great food, reasonable prices are all reasons to go. I've been there dozens of times for happy hour.

I will not be going back.

The service has always been sketchy at best, but yesterday's incident was unimaginable.

As a fan of the NFL, I usually go out with a group to watch Thursday Night Football, which is only available on the NFL network (which I don't get at home). Our group arrived at Mellow Mushroom at 4pm, requested to watch the game on one TV and proceeded to have some fun.

After a few beers, apps, and several pizzas, at 6pm the bartender, JOSH KAISER, decided to change the channel on the TV we were watching. He claimed it was "a homer game" and proceeded to get very close to my face and say "this wasn't my house". I actually felt threatened!

JOSH KAISER is a large individual. After speaking with the "manager" about the incident, we decided to leave because he seemed just as intimidated by JOSH KAISER.

I have met the owner, JAY BESKIND, in the City North Mellow Mushroom, and previously commended him on his great establishments. Jay, if you are reading this, please take some corrective action with your staff.
I had never heard of this place and wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. The pizza is oddly unique, but in an awesome way! The pretzel appetizer we ordered was also quite good and not like any I have had before. All in all this was a nice dining experience and I would definitely return to this restaurant even though it is a little expensive.
I love this place. The beer is plentiful, the girls are pretty, and the food is delicious. Nothing beats coming in and getting three giant pretzels for about a dollar each. The service was excellent, Lissett and Marleena  (I made sure to get their names just for this article) were both very helpful when it came to my beer selection, plus they provided plenty of entertainment for my friend and I. The patio makes for a great spot to drink and socialize. Thank you Mellow, I had a great time!
I've heard so much about Mellow Mushroom and didn't even know there was one in Az! We drove by yesterday running some errands and decided to meet a few family members there for an early dinner. It was almost 5pm and I was surprised it wasn't already packed being a Saturday, we were sat quickly and our waiter was great. 

Still being slightly full from breakfast I decided to get an order of the bruschetta and half of the Jamaican jerk chicken hoagie (I thought half would be small LOL.) While we waited for the food I noticed how much I liked the music they played, very chill but upbeat house music that wasn't overly loud, obnoxious, or pretentious. 

Everything arrived and I was a little shocked at the size of my sandwich, 6 inches? HAH. Thank goodness for leftover boxes and hungry boyfriends sitting next to you. I tried a piece of the chicken by itself and was surprised at how perfectly cooked it was, not to mention super fresh tasting. I did noticed the pineapple pieces looked like the canned version and there were maybe less than 7 or 8 small little chunks. That is where my one star comes away from this place being a perfect 5. But the french bread was light and crispy and I really enjoyed it. 

The real star in my eyes was the bruschetta. In every way it was perfect, the thin crunchy bread that melted in my mouth, the fresh diced tomatoes, balsamic glaze that was addicting, crumbly feta cheese, and basil to bring it all together. I know if we come back here this will forever be on the table for me!

Prices weren't terrible, if you want to split a pizza or get a 6 inch sandwich that will be the most wallet friendly way to go. For four I think our total was $53 which isn't bad at all. 

I am hoping to try the other MM locations in the Valley soon, and I will be happy if they are all as good as this one.
2 things we don't have in California...Waffle House and Mellow Mushroom. When I'm in Phoenix, I go to both. When I'm in Atlanta, I go to both.

I guess I could branch out and order something different but with food, I like to be predictable. Spinach salad and a mushroom & olive calzone. That's all I ever get. What if I don't like the new thing I order? Best stick with what I love.

The service is always great and everyone in this place is super friendly. 

I do have one suggestion for MelMush....GO WEST YOUNG MAN!
i had heard good things about this place, but ended up disappointed in the overall experience. They claim to have a lot of draft beers, but when we ordered a Guinness, they didn't have it. In fact, they were out of about 15 beers. We ordered some wings and pizza. The wings were small, but tasted ok. The pizza took forever... the waitress finally came and said the pizza had been burnt so they had to make another one and it would be another 6 minutes (what precision) but it ended up being at least 12. The pizza was ok. We had the holy shiitake which had a garlic aioli that tasted like mayonnaise. i'll stick to oregano's.
Our first time here and close to a 4, but the pizza just took too long to come out.

Our server was excellent.  When hearing I like different kind of beers he offered three samples.  He also led us towards the unique and tasty yukon gold pizza. Great thing about the place is you can split the specialty pies.  We split with the kosmic karma.  Totally different from the potato, but really good.  Crust is flavorful and we enjoyed it.

Half order of hot wings were just ok.  Not really hot, one off the wings should have been tossed from the batch and the ones that turned out were just alright.

Good beer, good pizza, good service - just have to be a little faster getting them out, especially since it was not busy at all.

I'd go back, but maybe not if I had to keep a schedule.
I hate pizza.

Really, I do. I guess specifically I hate marinara sauce, to be fair. But I LOVE Mellow Mushroom.

Get the Yukon Gold, Philosophers Pie or Holy Shiitake. So good, and none have red sauce if you're a hater like me. The crust is amazing. Their Enlightened Spinach Salad is also awesome - spinach, candied pecans, dried cherries, apples, and vinaigrette. They also have Wyder's cider...win! Service can be a little slow but staff is always really nice.
Good pizza. Nice and laid back. Good staff too.
The place was really nice and the staff knowledgable and friendly..I thought it was a little pricey. $33.00 plus a $6.00 tip makes almost 40 bucks for a medium THIN pizza 5 wings and two cokes. I can't understand why people like this pizza. It's super thin and most of it is the huge crust which is doughy and tasteless..I guess that's why you need "dipping sauce" which I'm not used to unless ordering from Pizza Hut. They have some huge Beer Menu that's also pricey! $7.00 drafts? $4.00 for a can of Miller Lite? It's not the kind of place I want to sit around and drink in anyway..If I felt like a few beers I would just go to "Wild Wings" next door were the mood is more festive and the food better and cheaper. The wings were o.k...nothing to write home to mama about! There's a place called Stevies on 59th and 101 ..I can get better, bigger pizza and more wings for about $22.00...and sit home and drink my own $1.00 Miller lites..Mellow Mushroom is o.k. but I won't go back there..lot of better options..
Should have known when the place was empty on a Friday afternoon
Great food and service. only 4stars cause of outside patio furniture was horrible and prices.
Great food good drinks and great service
Upon entering Mellow Mushroom the Hostess stand is about 20 - 30 feet away from the door.  Just recently I underwent foot surgery on both feet so I walk with a cane and have those special black shoes they give you until you recover.  The Hostess not only didn't greet me upon entering but proceeded to walk me back to the farthest part of the restaurant.  I stood my ground, pointed to my feet and cane and asked for a booth much closer to walk to.  Next came the waiter who dropped off menu's, no welcome to Mellow Mushroom my name is ----- how are you and what can I get you to drink.  Nothing, no personality at all and before he left I asked for a manager.  I got Andrew who knelt down so we could be face to face and I expressed my view points with the hostess and the waiter whose name I still don't know. He said he would talk to his staff about my concerns.  After we were re-sited I asked for the manager again.  Out came the general manager Blake, I again expressed my view points but he wanted a "pissing" match with me instead.  He wanted to know how many restaurants I had opened, I said I've been in the Hospitality Industry since 1980. I also worked in the customer service department at American Express for many years.  I asked him why the employee's don't wear name tags,  Because it is "Corporate Policy" not to wear name tags as express by the general manager Blake.  Well I like to see the person's name who is serving me.  I asked him why the employee's are allowed to show their tattoo's, again it is "Corporate Policy", if you got them, show them.  Well I don't really want to see someone else's art serving me, although I have tattoo's when working professionally, you won't see them. I have traveled across the United States working and eating in some of the finest restaurants, but I've come to the conclusion Mellow Mushroom is run by some 40 year olds who really don't see the bigger picture.  They hire general manager's like Blake who I may add had been the rudest and most condescending restaurateur I've ever met and I've met a lot.  I guess I'll be getting my pizza someplace else.
Visiting my brother-in-law for a few days, we stopped in for a Sunday lunch hoping to catch a football game and some good grub before we left. Good grub, check, football, notsomuch. I'll explain.

All the TV's at the Mellow Mushroom are packed around the bar area, which is to one side of the restaurant, and none of them really point into the dining room. So if you have a larger party, it isn't really ideal for watching the game.

But this was the sole area of disappointment. We started out with two appetizers: a toasted bread with a cheesy olive spread on top, and a plate of pretzels with beer cheese. The bread wasn't really my thing (not an olive fan), but the pretzels and cheese were top notch. The beer cheese is a melted cheese sauce that goes great with the salty, hot pretzels.

They have a bunch of local and regional beers, and our waitress had no problem letting me sample a few because I wasn't familiar with any of them being Cali born and raised. I don't remember what I ordered, but it was a dark red IPA that was cold and refreshing on an August day in Phoenix.

We ordered two pizzas; a mushroom pizza and a meat pizza. I was surprised to find that I preferred the mushroom pizza, but then considering the name of the joint, it was probably a good call. The waitress had bragged about the pizza dough earlier, and I tuned out what she was saying because, you order pizza for the toppings, not the dough, right? Well, ideally, the dough accents the topping perfectly. I think they put molasses in it or something, maybe it is wheat based. It's good though, and I might eat that dough by itself.

Great overall, good service, and I look forward to coming across the Mellow Mushroom again.
The first time I visited Mellow Mushroom was back in August. We knew nothing about the place but decided to give it a try anyway. I don't need to go through all the details of what Mellow Mushroom is all about, but if you've never heard of them, they're known for their Dough, mainly pizza. They have a full bar and a large selection of beer. 
The first time we visited, I gotta tell you, I wasn't impressed with service or cleanliness. We were seated right by the large windows near the bar; there were about 30-40 flies all over the glass near our booth and that entire section of the restaurant. We were so disgusted that we had to ask to be moved. The waiter apologized and moved us a few tables away. 
We ordered our pizza and drinks; the pizza was good, but there were still flies all over the place. While we ate, we asked the waiter to bring us a to go box just so we could put our pizza in it, protecting it from all the flies.
The only reason we went back to this restaurant was because the pizza was good. Also, I don't believe their food is priced fairly. $27 for a large pizza is too much; it's not like they put expensive toppings on it or anything. 
Since then, we've gone back a few times. One thing has become clear to us and that is that the food here is inconsistent. Our experience has been hit and miss; there are times they make the pizza good, and there are times that the pizza is just ok.
Gluten-Free pizza crust - amazing, chewy, flavorful, finally! This is the main reason I want to go back and give MM at Happy Valley a second chance.

Small flies shared my table. This is the main reason I'm hesitant to give it a second chance  :(

Friday seems to be the big day for deliveries, at least in this location.....and deliveries lend to distracted managers at the lunch hour, which is not good. 
The food I ordered took forever to get to the table, and the server seemed to forget which tables were hers and if she had already taken some orders or not?!
The entree salad was tasty, but didn't have near enough turkey on it for an entree. 
Pizza with white sauce = yum, especially offset by the sun dried tomatoes.

I know...this review is a bit disjointed....kinda like my visit that day!
great food at great prices this place is awesome.  had a few mistakes with orders but went 5 stars because they are always fixed instantly and removed from the check with zero hassle and at their insistance!
I was looking for a pizza lunch in the Norterra Plaza area of north Phoenix - just north of the Deer Valley airport.  Couldn't find the intended target but Mellow Mushroom has a very visible sign that lured me in.  

They have a large rectangular dining area with a bar off to the side on the end.  Outdoor patio seating wraps two sides.  Lots of hard environmental surfaces makes for a noisy dining space.  There were lots of kids with parents contributing to the noise.  This isn't a place that would appeal to kids other than the food.  

I ordered a lunch Greek salad and personal pizza with cheese, sausage and caramelized onion.  Turns out the lunch salad would have been plenty.  Salad was very good and included a piece of garlic butter cheese toasted baguette - a tasty and nice touch.  

The cheese, sausage and caramelized onion pizza had crust that was medium thick crunchy outside with a soft chewee center.  It was a bit oily, but pizza is not really a health food.  Somehow, pepperoni was added also.  I love pepperoni but it no longer loves me.  Wish they had not put the pepperoni on but I ate it all anyway.  That's why I stay away from addictive drugs - no way I would ever stop once started.  

Overall Mellow Mushroom provided a noisy, filling and tasty meal even if slightly different than I ordered.   

They will stay in my lunch rotation.
Awesome crust.  No smaller side salad option.
Went for the first time the other day, during lunch time and got a Mighty Meaty pizza. Service was friendly and there wasn't a very long wait and the pizza was excellent. I think next time I'll try something a bit more basic because all the toppings kind of bury the cheese, crust and sauce flavor, but no complaints. It was also very good the next day when I heated up the leftovers in the toaster oven. I will definitely be back.
I was furious the last time we ate here with family. We had a party of four and there was a short wait so we got a buzzer. After more than half an hour of standing around and seeing at least four groups come after us and be seated we went to the hostess stand where three barely teenage girls stood around laughing and chatting to each other. We asked how much longer we would be waiting and one of them started to look at the list and couldn't find the name, we actually had to point it out to her even though it was right in front of her face. Then she looked at us and gasped and said she accidentally crossed it off and passed over us!!! How do you cross off a name by accident? You take someone to their table and cross of the name once they are sat, you don't cross it off by mistake! The three of them just stood there smiling innocently and didn't apologize at all.

 So we were standing around for god knows how long because those three girls are obviously too young to know how to do one of the easiest jobs correctly, even with their three brains put together. I was with some people that I respect and did not want to cause a scene but if they weren't there I would have demanded to see someone before even being seated at our table. Just unacceptable.

Management, please make sure this never happens again.
Wow. This pizza is some of the best I've ever tasted, and I've had pizza everywhere; New York, Chicago, even Italy. The crust was amazing, so hardy with crazy flavor I've never experienced in a pizza crust! I had the pizza with a drizzle of pesto and sundried tomatoes, holy moly, it was incredible. I will definitely eat here again, and again (and again).
Great happy hour... Half price drinks and apps! Highly recommend Orange Blossom beer and spinach dip!
i wanted something different and had to find a middle point, there are many restaraunts in the area but nothing great, we decided mellow mushroom it would be. we sat outside but were impressed with the clean, spacious dining area. our server jody was very good , he was suggestive and patient as we looked over the overwhelming menu choices. the pizza was delishhhhh.... the sandwiches how ever are nothing special. 38 beers on tap, but offer cans of miller lite...definatly my new spot for pizza and a cold one.
I've been to mellow mushroom many times since it's been opened. They have unique pizzas, good beer selection and always busy on the weekends. 
I just went last night since I recently went vegan due to health issues and heard they have vegan options. I thought I paid a lot already for a normal pizza but my goodness I paid way too much for 2 small pizzas and 2 beers. 
I ordered vegan cheese, red sauce, caramelized onions and tempeh. It wasn't bad. Sauce was non existent though and they forgot the tempeh so I pretty much had a vegan cheese and onion pizza with the world's thinnest layer of sauce. Charged me for the tempeh which the waitress took off but even after that, my bill was $47 before tip! Seriously? I'll start making my own vegan pizzas and remember to add tempeh. 
Oh btw, they charge premium for vegan options so remember that! I have purchased all those vegan ingredients at home separately and I don't understand how they can charge so much more. Needless to say, I'll save my $50+ for 2 pizzas and 2 beers and cook it at home.
I wish we had this restaurant chain in OKC! Very good pizza with reasonable prices. the crust was good, too---are you listening, Hideaway?
I was very surprised at the quality of food and friendliness of the staff. Me and a friend stopped in Friday night, found a seat at the bar, and had a great time! Great food, amazing beer, and a great value for the money!
Best microbrew selection on the Northwest side of town. Food was solid for pub eats. The dining area and bar is modern and inviting. Service staff was friendly and attentive.
Most pizza places tend to be fairly typical and vary in quality, but seem common.  This restaurant always surprises with unique flavors and top quality in all of their ingredients.  From the crusts to the sauces to the toppings, everything is top-notch and consistent.  The dough is flavorful with just the right crunch on the outside and great texture inside.

Beer selection is excellent.  There are plenty of non-pizza menu items to keep things interesting and to accomodate for any diet needs. 

One of the top pizza joints in town.
I really love how relaxed the atmosphere is at this establishment. You can go with your family or just hang out with friends.

I am particularly fond of their Happy Hours! The regular and then reverse HH that is 10p-2a!!! Half off all alcoholic drinks and appetizers. What a treat!

Their pizzas can get a little greasy, but are otherwise delicious. I usually stick with their "munchies", can't go wrong with soft pretzels!

Every server I've had has been knowledgeable and friendly. One even remembered my custom drink name :) 

All in all a great place to eat!
Went again last week and tried the pizza. I like the fact that they have a garlic olive oil base on some of their pizzas. They really load them up with cheese which is great, but it can make things a bit mushy.
the crust is the best and i prefer to make my own pizza combinations as some on the menu are a bit non traditional for my taste.  the place tends to be loud however on weekends
Pretty good pizza, but awful, horrible service. We called ahead and put our name on the list, but when we got there they would only seat us inside. With 3 kids, one very little, we really didn't want to be stuck inside. They had empty outside tables, but refused to push 2 tables together for us so we had to wait for two parties to leave next to each other then push them together ourselves. 

After ordering, our salads and drinks didn't show up even after asking multiple times. We waited over an hour for our 2 pizzas. How long does it take to make pizza? And they never did remember our pretzel even though they charged us. The pizza was ok but after waiting so long I really didn't care.
FLIES EVERYWHERE! Ick. I don't like having to fight with the flies for the first bite of my food. Not to mention the pizza makes me sick every time I go. If the flies in the dining room are any indication of the conditions of the kitchen, I think I'm better off eating elsewhere.

The one star is because they have awesome happy hour beer prices and a huge selection of beers on tap.
The 'shroom does offer a good selection of beers and our house special pie was generously topped. I'd still rate the pizza only slightly above average at a high price. Better part of a fifty dollar bill for a medium and two drafts.

Service continues to be spotty and indifferent. The dishwasher must not be working properly as the flatware was also spotty. And I hate when I have to straighten fork tines...

I'm thinking the best option here is happy hour drafts and appetizers.
Stopped in on a whim and sat in the bar area.  It would be nice if the servers would mention the happy hour specials.  We would have ordered much more food and stayed longer.  It was nice to see the discounts on the bill, but she short changed herself on easy going customers who tip well.  I have heard the location at Desert Ridge is much nicer and the food better, as well as a real Mellow Mushroom feel, maybe the manager should take a trip over and see what they are doing and take it back to Norterra.
STAFF+TIME-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Staff service was quite nice however pizza took 40 minutes to arrive but I wasn't in a rush so I didn't mind. My last visit about 2 years ago took about 40 minutes as well for the food to be ready so I expected that much.

FOOD---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The pizza was incredibly greasy. When the small pizza arrived to my table there was a small pool of oil in the center. When I took a slice off, the oil dripped onto my plate. I tried to soak some off with my napkin but the oil soaked right through each one. I used parmesan cheese to soak up some of the grease so my pizza would not drip. The toppings were tasty but i had to use my napkin very often because my lips was covered in grease after every bite. I took half of the pizza home because it was so overwhemling with grease. The next day the top and bottom of the to-go box was covered in a  thick layer of grease all over from just two small slices of pizza.

END THOUGHT--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am sure there are other great choices of pizza on the menu, I was afraid I ordered something wrong again like my first visit. 

End of story, do not order the shiitake(shit-take on) mushroom pizza. 


::::::::::STARS:::::::::

+STAFF
+APPEALING RESTAURANT
-FOOD 
-WAIT TIME
-PRICE
Solid pizza place in the NW Valley.  Some of the best pizza crust I've ever had.  It's a little loud but the service has been very good everytime I've gone and it's a great place to go before a movie.  Food is top-notch.
Food was good but service was slow! Did not get waters until we were seated for 15 mins. Had to track down our server just to get orders in. It was not busy so not sure what the issue was. To top it off there were flies. Fortunately my girls thought it was funny when I swatted one. If yelp support typed pictures I would post it as evidence!
noisy, mediocre pizza
Beer selection is amazing ! You can get any type of craft american and local brews.  Thick pizza and baked wings aren't my thing. I have indulged in a few slices soak up the beer  , no regrets , but I mostly come here for the beer.
Let  me start by saying that I ordered the gluten free pizza and it was ok. Though the pizza was ok (nothing special), the atmosphere was overly loud and the service was not very good. My husband and I were dining with friends and we could barely hear each other much less the server who lacked personality and information. I am not sure how the regular pizza is as my hubby ordered gluten free as well but our friend said that his was good. However, from what I saw, his pizza lacked toppings and my friends salad for the price was not overly covered in toppings either. The cost was more than we had anticipated as a cost for my 12 inch gluten free pizza was 19 dollars and since we do not go out as much as others, that seems a lot for what you got. I am not sure if we will be going back and we were not overly impressed. We went because of a groupon that we purchased so I am not sure if I would pay full price for this average pizza.
Good and predictable.    What I expect from a good chain restaurant.
I have been going to this location for a while. The reverse happy hour is awesome. However the dinner services have declined in both service and quality of the food. The last couple times I've been the service has either been slow, or the waiter doesn't get the orders right. It also seems that the kitchen staff doesn't put full effort into the food for quality anymore. While I haven't been to motivated to go here for dinner anymore, the reverse happy hour is great. Half price on drinks and always has a changing beer menu which is nice if you like to try new beers.
Good pizza and beer selection
I have ended up a regular here for lunch. Love the salads, the sandwiches and the Caesar Pizza is a guilty pleasure!! The tangerine/strawberry black ice tea is refreshing and they always give me a togo cup when I leave. :) (its the little things that count!)

Nice place to chill have a beer and some fresh food. I was surprised at the beer selection I really wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised! 

 I enjoy the staff and have always gotten good service.  and YUP.... I'll be back! ;)
Well I have been going to Mellow since it has opened. My Yelp account says I have 50 check ins, but in reality I have more than 75 check ins. So I do love this place. The food is awesome, beer is always changing, and happy hour prices can't be best. So why lowering my review from a 5 star to a 3 star...the service...

Since coming to Mellow from the beginning I've been sitting at the bar. I enjoy watching people and interacting with the bar staff. Mellow had some awesome bartenders in the past, and a few current ones like Maralena, but some of the others just don't seem to care. Or worst yet..because we only come once every few weeks now if days (too much Mellow not good for the diet!) they seem to give preference to their new regulars from the nearby restaurants. I really don't mind that much, but don't make me wave you down or ask you for a drink! If you want to ignore me for most part, I'm ok with that. But don't clean glasses right by me and don't even look up to see if I'm wanting another drink or not?  That's my biggest pet peeve. On our last visit the other day it took us forever to put a order in even though it wasn't that busy. I can understand when just 2 bartenders have the bar, bar seating, and patio on a busy night. Maybe Mellow needs to have more staff on those nights. 

Anyways I've had some really great memories of mellow. I was coming 2-3 times a week on average and was a strong regular. We've been slowing down on going to mellow mainly of the service. Easy fix is just to ask if we want anything else, don't make me ask you as the bartender. Once or twice I can understand, now it's becoming a habit. Hope the manager reads these because I'd like to share my frustration in greater detail.
It has been a while since we've been here, as we're not really down for spending $20+ on a single pizza. Don't get me wrong, the pizzas are pretty good, but I don't see how they're worth that much. One of the main reasons that we haven't returned is because of the spinach artichoke dip, or rather the waitress serving it to us. Again, the dip was good, but the amount in the bowl was tiny and they gave us only a handful of chips to use. We munched through the chips pretty quickly and the waitress came by and asked if we wanted some more. She brought another small amount of chips so we finished those off and decided we wouldn't hassle her again. When she brought the bill, though, we were astonished to see a charge of $3.99 for an extra order of chips. Since when does any place charge for chips, especially tortilla chips in AZ? And shouldn't she tell us that there's an additional cost if she's going to offer them to us? The spinach dip incident, coupled with some outrageous prices for sodas and the spendy pizzas, has driven us away for good!
Love the pizza, reverse happy hour special , especially the wings and pretzels. Beer is obviously the best part
Their pizzas are amazing. But the service along with silverware and the plates are  terrible!!! Servers are way too casual and often look dirty...I get it, that's part of the theme but it just doesn't feel right. It feels dirty. The tables are usually wet when you sit down because they were wiped down with a nasty soaked towel. Oh well I love the food so I will go back but it's kind of pricey for the service and atmosphere.
I enjoyed the food and the service was great!
Ok so I think my last review of 3 stars really helped?  We finally came back after a month or so and was instantly greeted while we sat at the bar. The service was much improved! And I looked and there was 2 bar tenders and a bar back to help out. That really freed up the bar tenders. Very quick and efficient and even asked me if I wanted another drink when they saw my drink getting to the bottom. So I feel like mellow has earned another star back that I took. Hopefully they continue to improve and I'll give me last star back to reflect my once 5 star rating that I gave before. 

Oh on my last review the manager did respond and was open for a conversation. We never were able to talk on the phone but it was a nice touch with a personal email after my fair rating. I liked it.
Just okay. Pizza was neither bad nor fantastic. Ordered hummus appetizer, was also okay. Peach tea was yummy. I would rather eat at Oreganos than here, especially since lunch came to $36 for 2 people which included a medium pizza, hummus and one drink, I had water. I'll come back sometime, perhaps.
Excellent happy hour Monday thru Friday. Half off beers and appetizers. Great beer selection, even had the Four Peaks seasonal Pumpkin Porter on tap! Excellent pizza as well and friendly attentive staff.
Good food but a long wait and somewhat overpriced. Could do without the pretentious clientele and noise. I fully expected to see someone walk in with a chihuahua in their purse.
We had a lovely dining experience. We got a half order of wings, and a large pizza with half mighty meaty and half philosophers pie. Our server was friendly and attentive. The wait was a bit longer than we would have hoped but not bad considering how full the restaurant was. It was insanely loud inside so we sat on the patio. The tables were a generous size, but there was no outside light source and plenty of smokers outside the gate violating the proximity requirements making the while thing rather dark and smokey. Very much made up for by superb food and service.
This is another restaurant we are adding to the list of places that we will only visit for happy hour.  My hubby and I ordered a greek salad to split and created our own pizza.  We got four toppings on it.  The beer selection is good, but each beer is $7!!  Once again, there must be gold dust in the beers served in the Northwest valley because $7 for a  beer is outrageous.  The pizza was pretty good, but when the bill came, we noticed that each vegetable topping was 1.29 a piece and each meat topping was 2.29 a piece.  For 1.29 worth of onions, we should have had 1/2 of an onion on that pizza.  Instead, I could barely find any onion.  They were beyond stingy with the toppings!  You're making me pay a ton per topping and I can barely see that it's on the pizza.  Not a fan of that at all!  We will not be returning unless it's happy hour and we will never order a pizza there again because it was way overpriced for the measly toppings they put on it.
This is a frequent lunch spot for me.  Check out coupon sites, as they frequently have something running.  The service is always great and with a smile.  The gluten free options are clearly marked and yummy !! Lots of great drink options beer and wine. 
Be sure to check out the local specials , that's normally what I have.  But can't go wrong with the jerk chicken any time of year.  Be sure to leave extra time for some items like pizzas since they take a little longer to prepare.  This location is on the north side of the street  in the Norterra shopping center.  It's EAST of I 17 so be sure to turn at the light before the traffic circle or you will have to go ALL the way around again !!!
Always have a great time when we go to mellow! Bartenders are awesome, know what we like and have it ready!
Best selection of beer with the best bartenders in town. Great place just to hang out with friends. And the food is great too!! Probably the best crust and toppings in the north valley. If I could only get them to deliver to my house I would make it a ten star restaurant.
Love this place! Consistently amazing food and great service. Only one server there is kind of a bummer but she is easy to avoid as there are so many other great servers. 

The food is always amazing, freshly made, and great ingredients. This is a place where I can feel full from the food but not gross. Some of my favorites are:
- jerk chicken hoagie (with bacon - takes it to another level of goodness)
- avocado hoagie 
- funky q pizza
- enlightened spinach salad

Can't beat the prices of those hoagies, and especially can't beat the lunch specials ($5).
I love this joint! Reverse happy hour is great of you want to hang out after 10pm. Great pizza,Salads and beer selection! Try the Moose Drool or left hand milk nitro stout so smooth on draft. Great service and busy atmosphere! We eat here 3-4 times a month
You know Happy Valley is a boring road when a Mellow Mushroom is the most happening spot for food AND drink. Good thing they take advantage of it!

So there's a bigger bar here than I've seen at other locations, and a respectable patio to match. Even if you don't come here for the delicious varieties of pizza, it's almost got a dive bar atmosphere...with a couple dozen rotating tap selections with some really awesome beers like Magic Hat. Also, they've got some insane deals on cocktails...like the "Irish Trashcan" which is pretty much an AMF with a little can of red bull opened up and dunked in your glass. 

People are seriously getting their drink on here like it's the Mill Ave location. I love it!
Huge fan of mellow mushroom in the north valley! They always have a great beer selection of local and out of state craft brews. Their menu is a great mix of classic pizza recipes and really unique ones from the restaurant itself. 

I have been to two different mellow locations, one here in Arizona and another in north Carolina, Arizona hands down is way better! Not sure if the other was a franchise or not, but believe me the Arizona location is by far way better!
decent food and great servicealways make sure everythings kept up
We love the food here, but to be honest, we won't be going here again. We waited an hour for our personal pizzas, it was freezing, it is extremely loud and the service is sub-par. We had to wave down another waiter for our check, and even that took forever. Honestly, this place needs a quicker and more efficient way to cook the pizzas. Waiting an hour is not acceptable.
A-OK is what it says, so that's not bad, but it is not good.  My only beef is the price of the pizza.  The pizzas are delicious, but goodness gracious they are a bit deep in the pocket.  Although they are topped with quality fresh produce with a unique variety of combinations.  Therefore, it makes sense, and I get it.

Even though I am Filipino and have tasted all kinds of cultural foods, there is nothing better and easy than a delicious, perfect dough, melted mozzarella with unique toppings on top of a creamy sauce pizza.  It is one of the main attractions in the Norterra and Happy Valley area, and I am glad it is there.  They have an assortment of beers, and it is a great place to hang out.  However, we cannot go there all the time, even though I would love to (too pricey for pizza, but that's me).

My wife and I will be back again because you are just right around the corner!  Oh, pizza, how you delight me.
Kidding me with the 3.5 star average.

The best pizza north of the 101 loop. Fantastic happy hour specials, great service, and delicious pizza.

Came here for a birthday party, we got 4 different pizzas and they were all fantastic.
My family was being a little crazy so we needed an escape! This place saved us! We are so happy with the service and the experience!
This is great pizza!!  

It's definitely on the heartier side.  The crust is amazing - it's thick and a little doughy in the best possible way, with a distinctive taste - yum!  They have an exceptional variety of sauce and topping options, and everything we've had was delicious - try anything with mushrooms or pesto!  

Their soft pretzels are similar to their delicious crust, and the stuffed mushroom is yummy (although small for the price).

I recently discovered this place is wonderful for Vegans!  Their vegan pizzas are delicious - the fake cheese is amazingly realistic!
I love this place! I love testing all the beers! The best time to go is during happy hour all the apps are half off and most of the drinks are too! All the people who work there are friendly and down to earth. Even if you go and it not happy hour the food is great and the price is reasonable.
I wasn't terribly hungry, so I just had the Muffaletta Cheese Bread appetizer.

It was amazing! And a meal in and of itself!

Good beer selection, nice patio.

This particular location isn't near me, so I wouldn't likely return, or if I did, often.

But I would go back if I were in the area.
I really want to love this place, but I can't. The food is outstanding and that's what keeps us coming back. 
Unfortunately every time we have been here the service has been subpar. The servers always seem so frantic trying to rush around the restaurant and take care of everyone. It takes forever to get your drinks and food (even though the wait is worth it). We have found it more convenient to get take out or delivery from this place. Then we get the great food without the bad service.
What delicious pizza! I would give it 5 stars but my waitress was pretty horrifying. Have had good experiences for the most part except once when I got awful customer service which is huge to me. However, no complaints about the food. Delicious pizza and the dessert is incredible and low priced. Definitely one of my favorite spots.
Mellow mushroom has the best staff! Anne Marie, Kara, Chris, Lissette and Marlena always take excellent care of us at the bar. They're always attentive to our needs and we leave happy every time. The pizza is always amazing no matter what kind you order and the pretzels are a great appetizer if you are just hanging out for a beer with a few friends! This is always my go-to spot any night of the week! Keep up the great service and food, we love it here!
I am a fan of their Vegan Pizzas. They will definitely cater to your Veg-Needs which is awesome!

I usually get the Mega-Veggie Supreme and I ask for it Vegan. They will not put butter on the crust and put Daiya Cheeses. The pizza is usually super good. 

The other item I get some times is their Vegan Spinach Calzone. I never had a Calzone before, so that was a treat. The only thing is that, 50% of the time, it comes very oily inside. 

The reason I give it 3 stars is the ambiance, wait time, and how loud it can be. I don't think the inside resembles anything like their name "Mellow Mushroom". The inside is very standard decor, but the bar area is super loud at night. I usually go at night. I don't think it is that loud in the day time. 

A plus is that they close at 2 AM, so you can get a late meal if you want to. 

The wait time is pretty long since they are making it fresh. If you go, be prepared to wait 25 - 40 minutes for your meal depending on how busy it is. 

Overall, if you love pizza, I recommend this place. I have recommended it to many of my friends. The crust is amazing and VEGAN!
The food is delicious! Unfortunately it can get pretty pricey for pizza, and the service is generally pretty slow.
Server failed to tell us it was happy hour. Food is pretty good. The place was very loud.
Only tried the hoagies because that's what we were able to afford that night but they were delicious. Can not complain there. The service was good but has room for improvement.
We ordered the Kosmic Karma pizza. It's the best pizza I have had in the Phoenix area since moving from NJ in July 2013. I would have uploaded a pic, but by the time I realized I was going to post on Yelp, only one of eight slices was left. I just downed four slices. I feel guilty, but it was so good. Hard to believe this is a chain place. The large pie was $26 after taxes-pricey, but worth it in my opinion.

Kosmic Karma-Red sauce base with feta and mozzarella cheeses, spinach, sun-dried tomatoes and Roma tomatoes with a pesto swirl.
Awesome place, great pizza.  Perfect for date night.  They even have some craft beers to try.

We had the Thai pizza, it is spectacular.
This place easily has some of the best pizza crust and a good selection of unique pizza types. Every time I eat here I try something different. Service was good and reasonably fast. I also like the drink and beer options as they differ from most restaurants.
I wouldn't not recommend anyone to go here,me and my friend were drinking last night outside patio and this   Waitress won't let us finish our drinks so pushy pushy they want u to finish fast drinking slow down guys manager is a crock to...
Food was fantastic! And our server, Cory, was one of the friendliest people I've met. Thanks for the great experience!
I go for the Orange Blossom beer from local Papago brewery & Iove ALL their pizzas I've ever had here.  Anything Pesto is delish
Excellent beer selection with bartenders that seem a little "too cool for school" but service is still pretty good at the bar. Food is solid but one thing REALLY bothers me about this place...

NO FRYER, which means no fries. They take pride in this for some strange reason.

I don't always want fries, but knowing I can't have them makes me want them twice as much.
For my first visit, my friend (who has to eat Gluten Free) and I sat on the patio. The weather was great but I wish I had been face to face with something other than a row of cars. There aren't enough garden restaurants in Phoenix, IMHO. We were seated immediately and after a few moments I had a waited at my table. It was Happy Hour - 1/2 price drinks and Munchies - so I asked for what they had in wine and it was limited to the house brand of each variety for $5/ glass normally but $2.50 for HH. I ordered the Pinot Noir and the stuffed portobello mushroom after the waiter suggested that it could be gluten free with the balsamic dressing on the side. The mushroom was decent sized and delicious. Per the menu, a Portobello mushroom cap stuffed with artichoke hearts, feta cheese, sun-dried tomatoes, spinach and mozzarella. Baked and drizzled with a balsamic glaze. Served on a bed of spring mix tossed with an herb vinaigrette dressing. It was moist, savory and flavorful and at $9+ normally, HH was a steal at less than $5.

I also ordered twice backed chicken wings mild. They came out after the mushroom and although I really liked the taste, I thought they were small. Maybe this is because breaded and deep fried wings are likely bulkier and make them seem bigger (shrug). Either way, we enjoyed them. 

For the main entree, she ordered a gluten free pizza and enjoyed it. She said that the recent change in the gluten free crust was a good one and that it had improved from her previous visit.

I had a small Thai Dye (Olive oil and garlic base, all natural grilled curry chicken, mozzarella cheese, Roma tomatoes, onions. Topped with fresh basil, cucumbers and a sweet swirl of Thai chili sauce.) at the recommendation of the waiter and really appreciated the unique toppings. The cucumbers were the perfect refreshing topping to the spicy sweet sauce. I ended up taking half the pizza home for lunch the next day and enjoyed it cold too!

Overall, I was impressed and will be back to try the Holy Shittake Pizza next.
pretzels are so delish and pizza is always great. service is generally good
Great looking place and friendly staff. Was in the mood for Oregano's but their wait was over an hour. So I've been meaning to try this place for a couple of years and tonight was the night. Nice place, good food, good beer selection. This place has a lot going for it. We tried the Greek salad which was awesome. Topped with Feta, Calamata olives, and pepperoncinis. The pizza was hot and delicious as I expected to be. Nice selection of beers and stuff, so I'll be back for sure!
Had a party of 15 at 3 o'clock on a Friday for a high school graduation and they wanted us to wait an hour outside in 100° because they didn't have enough servers!
Asked for the manager and he confirmed they didn't want our business so we called buffalo wild wings and they got us right in.
I will never go back to the mellow mushroom I felt like they could care less about my business.
Best baked wings :P love the Funky Chicken Pizza (their version of a BBQ chicken pizza) Great deal with a Groupon deal of $10 for $20 & combined with Happy Hour worth trying out.
Okay pizza, not spectacular. Biggest negative is that that pie and beers are overpriced. Impressive beer list but we had to leave our table to go to the bar to look at the bar menu. Servers seemed more concerned with being young and hip than offering help. Glad we tried it but we won't be back.
I took my family there for the first time last Wednesday evening.  Wasn't too busy.  We were told it would be a few minutes because they had to clean off a table, which I thought was unusual for it not being so busy.  We got seated, and after a little while our server showed up and he took our drink order.  He seemed very uninterested in taking our food order like he was distracted.  We didn't see him again for a half an hour.  Other staff members brought out our food and it was delicious, but our server never came by to ask about refills or anything else.  I had about 5 minutes left before I was going to ask for a manager and he miraculously pops up in time to get us some boxes and our bill.  I can't complain about the food, but the service was the worst.  The prices were a little higher, so I would expect better service.  I get better service every time I go to a Denny's.   We have no interest in going here again.
Love the beer selection and happy hour....also love the fact they take groupon for Happy hour...best beer and deal in town! !
Great service. Packed inside but speedy time tp get food. Pizza is my favorite . As i have travled and loved every Mellow Mushroom.
Slow service, and even slower waiter.. Found a hair in my salad, shared that with my server and no  apology but he did  ask if I wanted another one.. Really? Ok not coming back here again...
Oh he did comp the salad..
Family friendly atmosphere with a sport bar area that is off to the side of the restaurant. All the staff we encountered were friendly & helpful in getting a high chair set up.

The pizzas my husband has orders look amazing, I've snuck a few bites and they are tasty. I ordered the mushroom club, & it was a good warm sandwich. Next time I'm going to try one of their salads :)
We've been to this location twice now. The first time, they honored the face value of our expired groupons, which was much appreciated. 

That first night we went with three very active minions at dinner time. The server was friendly and funny, we had a lot of fun with him - great sense of humor. The apps, kids' meals, and pizza were all great. 

The second time, it was just the two of us for lunch. It was so sad, our waitress seemed to have a hard time keeping her shirt pulled down far enough to reach her waistband and cover her midriff and tattoo. I felt so bad for her! You know how hard it can be to find uniforms that fit - perhaps her manager can steer her toward an "adult" size next time they hand out shirts! 

On both visits the food was consistently high quality. I love that they have Daiya dairy and soy free cheese along with gluten free crust. It can be difficult to go out with multiple food allergies, but they were awesome!
My wife and I have been to the Mellow Mushroom twice.  The first time we walked out due to not receiving any service after being seated for 15 minutes.  So, last night we decided to give them a second chance.  It appeared that the Mushroom must be a popular place, as it was pretty crowded for a Thursday evening and it was just about an hour after happy hour.  So, our expectations began to rise a bit.  We had the garlic and cheese pretzels first.  I have seen some reviews that raved about the pretzels, but ours were bland, couldn't even taste any garlic...and they were tough, which I thought was kind of strange for a pretzel.  We both ordered the Chicken and Cheese hoagie, which wasn't bad, but wasn't great either, very mediocre.  I do have to give our waitress credit for being attentive even though she was busy.  So, I would give the service a step above average.  The reason for that was that the bus boy came by to clear dishes that were no longer being used with a tub.  Seriously???  I have never seen wait staff walk around clearing a table that was still seated with a dish tub that would normally stay in the kitchen area.  Just left a bad taste in my experience here.  I don't think we will be returning.  Oh yeah, 6-7 dollars for a bottle of beer?  Yes, there is quite a selection, but sorry, I wont pay that for 12 oz bottle of beer, unless it is something a bit more upscale.
Went here for the first time today. Tried one of their pizzas. It was fantastic. The pieces are huge and completely worth the price. The artichoke dip was really great too. it was a very nice setting. I would recommend this place to anyone.
I wouldn't recommend this place at all. I can make a better looking plate than these guys. I will Not be going there anymore.
Just ordered a pizza and had it delivered to my house. Not only did they charge the wrong amount to my card but they delivered the wrong pizza. When I called to let them know the girl who answered the phone said someone would call me back. Never got a call so I finally called and asked to speak to the manager who did not apologize or seem concerned at all. 

Will not be going back!!!
BEST pizza I have ever had!! We love going late at night because they still serve pizza and appetizers late night. Also I love their reverse happy hour. The only down side is that late night when we go in the service is a little disappointing. It doesn't look like their are any servers taking tables so the bartenders I guess forget they have to serve tables. We always have to end up going up to the bar to order everything. The only reason we go there is because the food is so good, otherwise we would never go there again.
Love the happy hour here! Awesome hot wings and always have to get the spinach artichoke dip!
We drove up around this side of town often,  the warm summer morning made for the perfect opportunity to order some take out pizza. Curiosity had gotten the best of us and we wanted to feel fancy. We ordered a Gourmet White pizza with Feta cheese. It was bland at best. The Pepperoni from the second pie was to organic and lacked in flavor. With a little too much dough for anyone's taste, it'd make the little Pillsbury guy go nuts. 

On top of all this was a half awake staff that had little to no customer service training. No eye contact whatsoever. It felt real cold and empty in the restaurant.
1. Service is adequate. Not great mind you, just adequate.
2. Food is tasty. 
3. Prices are stupid. Its pizza and sandwiches folks. Give me a break with some of these prices!
4. If you go, go during happy hour. Then the prices wont bother you.

I have gone a couple times and each time I go, I ask myself, why. I guess Norterra area needs more options.
Excellent happy hour prices and good choices. The Gluten free is a good option as well! The bar area gets pretty noisy between happy hour and dinner and it is hard to have a conversation, so choose the dinning area of you want to get to know someone.
I'm not vegan, so when I was about to put the Mocha Latte cupcake from Treehouse Bakery into my mouth the first time, I didn't know what to expect. To my delight, I loved it! The cake was moist and the frosting was just the right texture. Together they made a great combination of flavors.

I decided to try a few other things and they were all great. Out of the cookies, I think the peanut butter cookies are my favorite.

Treehouse Bakery = Scrumtrulescently delicious cupcakes, cookies, muffins, and cheesecake that will leave your mouth happy!
Obviously I'm not in Phoenix, so I ordered a mixed box of goodies to try out this new vegan bakery -- vegan baking seems to be a minefield for some people, but I'm lactose intolerant and vegan baked goods are the safest for me.

The cupcakes (three kinds) and cookies (4 kinds) I received came neatly packaged and seemingly untroubled by the shipping across the country -- first sign of care and attention to detail.  Also, as I'd not specified what should go in the box, everything was helpfully labeled.

Everything was good, and everything was fresh, despite the shipping.  But I have to call out two stand outs:

The oatmeal raisin cookies are fantastic -- the raisins are really juicy, and the cookies are perfectly seasoned and flavorful.

But truly, really, the cinnamon buttercream and spicy chocolate cupcakes are the most winning combination of baked goods I've purchased in... well... maybe ever.  Order these when you go.  And go or order often.
Ok so, I'm not a crazy dessert person, but I love food. However when approached with tasty treats only to find out that they were Vegan, lets just say I was a bit skeptical. I mean I'm not Vegan, I'm not going to pretend that I understand Vegans either, I like meat and stuff that taste good. This of course is all coming from the random thought that everything Vegan is yuck. Trying Treehouse was like getting slapped in the face as a kid, being told not to make fun of the ginger, because well.. he can't help it. In other words all of my misconception of Vegans eating this gross alien food went straight out of the window. I mean damn you people actually do have taste buds. I've actually come to the conclusion that I like Treehouse's vegan peanut butter cookies better than regular ones. Not to mention the non-cheesecake, this one was a mountain for me let me tell you. Thinking gross gross gross, how can you have no dairy in CHEESECAKE!? Well as my other eye opening taste-bud-tacular experience, the non-cheesecake hit a home run by the first bite, second, third.... damn it I ate the whole thing. Anywho you get my point. As a non Vegan, meat eating, cheese loving, son of a bitch, I fully recommend you try Treehouse bakery, because damn that shit is good!
I ordered cupcakes from Treehouse Bakery for my BF's Bday. I usually make my own but due to work hours, I just didn't have the time.  The cupcakes were presented nicely in a pink box with pretty frosting.  We both agreed that the chocolate/cherry combination tasted great. On its own, the cupcake was a little boring but the frosting and cupcake together worked really well.
I came upon Treehouse Bakery while looking for vegan baked good options in Phoenix back in August of 2010. Particularly I was looking for a place that could provide me with the convenience of ordering a custom good for a very special occasion.

I was able to communicate via email and setup my order, pickup date (9/28/10) and time - with an option to pay in advance or at pickup - without any issues or hassles. I ended up ordering a dozen carrot cake cupcakes (with vegan cream cheese frosting) and a dozen cranberry nut oatmeal cookies. 

The presentation of the cupcakes were great, and while I didn't get a chance to partake in them, I heard from my friend (he was the birthday boy and vegan) that they were absolutely delicious. 

I took home the cookies for myself and my husband. While my husband did not enjoy them as much as I did (he is not particular to the taste of flax or egg based substitutes), I was very thrilled with the texture and taste of the cookie. While they were a bit on the drier side when it comes to oatmeal cookies, the cookie was overall scrumptious, had a tasteful number of nuts and berries, and was both sweet and salty. 

I highly recommend that you try Treehouse Bakery! 

You can contact them via email - by phone or through their etsy website. They are also on facebook (http://www.facebook.com/pages/Phoenix-AZ/Treehouse-Bakery/101662863212327)  and I believe they are now offering orders for Holiday Pies!
I've been vegan for years and one of the most difficult things to find is a vegan cake for any type of celebration, but since I've found Treehouse Bakery, it's no longer a problem. Treehouse Bakery makes the most dee-licious cakes. First of all, they make them in any flavor you want, and any size you need. Second, they were amazingly easy to work with and super friendly. I got the yummiest raspberry filled vanilla frosted cake for my niece's first birthday party and everyone absolutely loved it (vegans and non-vegans alike). Thanks Treehouse!!
Love Love Love this place!! I go to babycakes and other vegan bakeries in California and Treehouse Bakery is soooo much better than all of those. They have a wide variety of flavors and my fiance (who is not a vegan) even loves their stuff. They are even way better than non vegan cupcakes!! 

My favorite is the red velvet cupcake!! I HIGHLY recommend you try it!!!!
I love Treehouse baked goodies! Her lemon cupcakes are exceptional and I've never had a cookie of hers I did not adore. I drive miles and miles to get to the Phoenix Public Market just for her cupcakes!  I also appreciate that she participates in many charity vegan bake sales around town. Love that it is run by a generous person who is also an excellent vegan baker!
Have alread posted a review but had to add that a friend at work ordered vegan chocolate cupcakes for my birthday and they were sooooooo delicious!! All my nonvegan coworkers LOVED them.
We bought more cupcakes from this baker at the Phoenix Farmer's Market. This time I purchased the Red Velvet Cupcake and it came with a moist crumb and flecks of real vanilla bean in the frosting. My boyfriend and I both loved these and they were a special treat for his Birthday.
WOOWOO!!!! This is the best!!! I have had health problems for three years and can't have gluten, dairy, eggs. I have not been able to find good desserts until now. My friend bought me a vegan, gluten free mocha chocolate cake. It was delicious! I ordered cupcakes which I will pick up at the public market.
So excited that Treehouse has now opened a store front! Now I can indulge in my cupcake urges almost instantaneously! I also love the decor in this place and the neon sign kicks up the coolness a notch for me.
Delicious!! I've tried Treehouse Bakery's scrumptious treats many times and I've never been disappointed! I'm so happy they have a shop now where I can go in and grab some cupcakes. I went in on Monday to get some to share with everyone at work on Tuesday. I got churro, vanilla, chocolate and pineapple upside down cupcakes.We decided at work to cut them up and split them so everyone could try them all. We started with the chocolate. Before everyone tried that one, someone was already digging into the churro. Everyone absolutely loved them, as did I. I love the churro, as well as the french toast cupcakes. I'm not vegan or vegetarian. Neither is anyone at work. Doesn't matter. These are so moist and delicious. Love them!!!
Love this place!  Corianne has been popular at the farmer's market for a long time and it's nice to see that support enable her to open up a brick and mortar location.  I especially love her creativity and willingness to use native and local ingredients.

Take a look at the reviews and see how far people are willing to drive for these goodies.  That says it all!
Treehouse is half an hour from my house. I can get vegan pie, cupcakes, cookies, and pretty much everything else Treehouse offers, from places considerably less than half an hour from my house. The thing is, I no longer want vegan pie, cupcakes, cookies, or pretty much anything else from anywhere except Treehouse.

After walking in to find candy-striped pink walls, shiny white tables decorated with pink flowers in glass vases, and white counter tops with glass casing home to all sorts of baked goods, my hopes were high. Who doesn't love Earth Balance and good design coexisting harmoniously? 

First we tried a day-old s'mores cupcake, which is half the price of a regular cake and 90% as good. The cake was rich and chocolatey, just like the frosting. There wasn't much of a graham crust on the bottom, though, so it was more like a double chocolate cupcake. Not that I'm complaining. The only thing that didn't taste fresh was the marshmallow on top, but it was still a total steal for $1.25. 

But, what's better than a good deal? Answer: when a store owner says, "Would you guys mind being guinea pigs?" and motions to a fresh batch of thumbprint cookies. Wait.... FREE COOKIES? No, we don't mind at all, kind lady. We each tried a buttery, chewy cookie with a berry in the center who's name escapes me, but is apparently related to the ground cherry. 'Twas mighty tasty.

We took a Chai cupcake to-go, which was spicy, moist, and topped with the best frosting ever. It's probably best that I don't know what it's made from, and just assume it's unicorn tears. We also had the chocolate chip cookie, which was perfectly crammed with chocolate chips, chewy, hollow, and slightly cinnamon-y. I don't think it needed the cinnamon, but maybe that's because I just had a Chai cupcake. 

Next on my to-eat list is a fresh-baked pie, during pie happy hour on Wednesdays, of course. Overall, my thoughts on Treehouse Bakery can be summed up concisely: YES.
Let me just start by saying I'm NOT a vegan.I'm the exact opposite actually, if it was born, I eat it. :) BUT, one of my coworkers is a vegan and I dropped by this little shop hoping to get her a cupcake..

1. The shop itself is adorable. I love the painting they've done and it's all very clean and minimalist while still being charming. 

2. The service was very warm and friendly. Not the typical vegan hipster elitist type you find often in DoPho. 

3. I got my coworker a red velvet cupcake, and because they're my favorite I got myself one too, just to try out. Because they're vegan I didn't expect to be wowed at all.. I was so wrong! The cupcake was delicious. Very flavorful and pretty true to form for a traditional red velvet cupcake. My coworker hasn't had hers yet, but I'm sure she'll love it. 

All in all this place gets 5 stars because of the adorable atmosphere, friendly service, and most importantly; they've mastered a vegan cupcake that tastes delicious instead of disgusting!

Kudos Treehouse Bakery!
Treehouse made my vegan birthday cake and I fell in love. Now I try to travel to their location every few weeks to try their goodies! Their cupcakes and moist, delicious and fresh! Their cookies and poptarts are to die for as well! I am in love with treehouse vegan goodies and crave them when my sweet tooth starts acting up! Also, many non-vegans ate my birthday cake and they loved it as well!
This bakery is beautiful... She is truly a gifted baker!!! I have tough requirements -- gluten-free AND vegan!

My husband ordered cupcakes from here for my birthday this year, and they were moist and practically melted in my mouth. I loved the red velvet but definitely fell in passionate love with the regular chocolate cupcakes. It was my birthday, so I quickly shoved 4 down my gullet. What? Calories do not count on your birth anniversary, I'm a dietetic student. It's true.

As I fell into a taste trance, I quickly realized that the cupcakes I had been getting at Nami are sad and pathetic... and overpriced. I noticed at Treehouse, day-old goods are reduced in price. This is never the case at nami. It all tastes overly refrigerated and sometimes tofu-like. I don't know about you, but I dislike tasting tofu in my frosting.

I have a bit of a princess-like palate, but I have a right to be as picky as anyone else. Truly, if you need gluten-free or vegan cupcakes, these are better than any cupcake I have had, vegan, gluten-free, or otherwise.
Cute little hole in the wall that I passed 3x before finally figuring out it was right there in front of me! Came in on a Sunday with a mission to get my mouth full of sweets. Was hoping for a larger selection of goodies as I read all the different flavors in the reviews. I got the pop tarts, S'mores, Pistachio, Chocolate Chip and Pumpkin. Moist goodness with enough sweetness in the icing. Favorite one was Pistachio next to the Chocolate Chip. Would definitely go back now that I know where this place is. Hope they expand as it has potential.
First, I do not drop 5-star reviews unless I am blown away. One of my biggest peeves about Yelp is the low bar some people have for giving a PERFECT score after a only a visit or two. Small, friendly, good value -- day old cupcakes are cheap -- and vegan. I have bought whole pies, all kinds of cupcakes, tarts, all delicious. After becoming vegan I had to say goodbye to Barbs, but now I can satisfy my sweet tooth without the cruelty baggage. It takes real self control to not visit every day.
How can one not love vegan pastries??  The pop tarts are amazing.  They use organic strawberry preserves, thank goodness, because we all know how toxic non-organic strawberries are these days.  The cupcakes are great and my friend tells me the coffee is good too (I don't imbibe!).  We come here often...when we want a treat of course!  If you get there early, sometimes they have discounted yummies from the day before!!!!
YUM YUM YUM! Everything I've had is wonderful! I especially love the butterscotch cupcakes and the pop tarts. The scones are perfect too. Don't bother telling your carnivorous friends that it's vegan, they will never know the difference. And a bonus-they have great coffee too.
You have to visit this bakery.  The sisters that own it are super friendly and make delicious treats.  Everyone that I have sent in there agrees with me. They made a root beer float cupcake that was so amazing. They are truly a part of the local community featuring local artists on their walls.

Do yourself a favor and make the trip, you won't regret it.
Amazing food, and friendly owner!  My wife is a vegan and this is the only place I trust to make her birthday cake.  The owner is really invested in making food that everyone will enjoy.  Salted caramel cupcakes are fantastic!
Cupcakes so good you wouldn't know they were vegan. The owner was really nice too!
This little hole in the wall didn't have much inside and had few choices. I was hoping for some fresh bread but all I saw was sweets. 

Behind the glass counter top were cupcakes so I decided to get one of everything they had (chocolate, chocolate chip, churro, grapefruit, mixed berry, red velvet and vanilla). I wish they had more variety.

The day old cupcakes were $1.25 and fresh were $2.50.
 
All the cupcakes were good, but not great. The flavors were simple and tasty but they were not as fluffy and cakie as I would have liked. Now that I've read reviews on yelp I've learned they are vegan! I had no clue when I ordered them. Considering the limitations of ingredients I think they did a good job but they are not as good as normal cupcakes.
We were killing some time before attending an event downtown and happened upon this cute little shop.  They have a case of yummy goodies that beg to be eaten.  It's cute and clean inside and the staff were extremely friendly.  They do not have a huge selection but I don't find that to be a turn-off because it ups the chances that what you see is fresh.  I hope they stick around!
I was searching for a vegan bakery to make some cupcakes for my fiancé's birthday last week. I found this great place one week ago which was 1 day before the bday. I ordered 2 of 4 different flavors. I am not vegan but have not stopped wanting another cherry vanilla cupcake. When I arrived they were packaged perfectly and the lady even told me how to store them so that they don't dry out. I will definitely be back!
it's so great to have a 100% vegan bakery in Phoenix! Everything I have tried here has been absolutely delicious and mouth-watering. I will return again and again!
I love Treehouse. Everything I have ever gotten there has been awesome. The women who run it are really friendly.
I am vegan and was so excited when I saw that a new vegan bakery in town. I have never been disappointed. I used to bake everything at home, but have pretty much given it up. It is not overpriced, as some vegan places can be. 

I love it here.
Awesome vegan treats here!
(I especially love the carrot-cake cup cakes)

It's pretty cool how they showcase artwork by local artists too.
I had 2 Treehouse Bakery cupcakes at  birthday party and let me tell ya how DELICIOUS they were!  I was immediately in love with the vanilla cupcake, so I basically stole the other one and packed it away to take home- ha!  What a party guest I am huh?  I was told they were vegan and I was looking forward to trying them.  I was super impressed, I think I liked these better than non vegan cupcakes.  the icing was the perfect mixture of sweetness, I hate anything too sweet and artificial tasting- and quite honestly, the frosting makes up at least 50% of a cupcake so I was more than satisfied.  Way to go, Treehouse!
We visited for the 1st time today and absolutely loved the cupcakes and brownie we purchased. We purchased a dozen cupcakes to try different flavors(vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, mint chocolate, and an almond flavor).

We've eaten at many places over the years that sell vegan desserts throughout the country and we both agreed the cupcakes were the best we've ever had. We could tell high quality ingredients are used and of course the recipe's result in a fantastic tasting cupcake. The brownie was also amazing, taste and texture wise.

Staff was very friendly and helpful. 

Put this one on your list.....highly recommended!
I moved down the street recently and have been coming here a lot. Not only are the cupcakes delicious but the ladies are very friendly. I am not vegan but I come here a few times a week because it is so close and yummy. I even think I like their baked goods more than most non-vegan baked goods!
So delicious! I love the salter caramel cupcake! To die for!!!!!!!! I love that it's ALL vegan!! I feel like it's all made just for me! Hehehe!! :)
Treehouse always has yummy cupcakes that are just the right size.  It's my chocolate fix rescue more often than not:)
Came here on a whim to feed my daughters sweet tooth.  She had the cookies and cream- even a day old, it was wonderful and moist!  I had the pear cardamom and it was a perfect combination of sweet and spicy!!
I like cupcakes. I like them... a lot. Ok... I love cupcakes. 

They say the first step to dealing with an addiction is to admit you have one. I don't have an addiction to cupcakes. (I'm in the denial phase). 

I just moved to Phoenix from Florida. It took 3 days to drive here. I arrived Tuesday, and the rest of the week has been unpacking and organizing. 

I was out and about today and saw Treehouse Bakery come up in the Nearby Feed on the Yelp app. All I saw was, 5 star - Bakery - Picture of cupcakes. After the long week I've had, all I could think was that this was the place I needed to be... STAT.

I ordered a 6 pack from the very friendly young ladies that were running the bakery. I got home a little while later and couldn't wait for that feeling of euphoric cupcake bliss. I snatched one of the little baked treats from the box and took a bite. 

After that bite I just kind of stood there in my kitchen for a minute... confused. I didn't like the cupcake, at all. Maybe I got a bad one. I put that one down and picked up another. Took a bite. The same feeling of dissatisfaction ran through me. 

WHY?! Why have the cupcake God's forsaken me!? This is all I could think. 
I have had some great cupcakes in my day. I dare say I have had one of the best cupcakes in the Southeast. So is this 5 star cupcake the best the Southwest has to offer?

Frustrated, I went on my computer and pulled up Yelp. What the f*ck is going on here? After sitting there and reading the reviews for Treehouse Bakery, the issue I was having with the cupcakes became quite apparent...

The cupcakes are VEGAN!

I feel slightly foolish. I was so ready to slap down a 2 star review. I'm upping it to 3 star since the staff was sweet, the presentation of the cupcakes was nice, and I really had no business eating these cupcakes since I have no idea how a vegan cupcake should taste.

 I respect the vegan lifestyle, but these cupcakes are not for me.
The best drip coffee I have ever had in Phoenix - I actually drink it black no sugar. I normally don't bother with drip coffee out - because I love my fresh ground Cartel coffee slowly filtered through my melitta at home too much.

Delightful pastries - which I can almost never say about egg and dairy free confections.

Alice in Wonderland stuff. Without the enhancements Lewis Carroll had.
I have to say I was not impressed, walked in on a Sunday, wasn't greeted by anyone, didn't even know if they were open, no selection to choose from. No thanks.
I feel bad leaving this review, but it is the truth.  I ordered 120 cupcakes for a baby shower, and while they looked very cute and the service I got was really great, the cupcakes were not good in taste.  I think vegans are just self promoting with all of these great reviews.  The truth is that these cupcakes taste like frosted muffins.  And everyone I talked to agreed with that.  The "cake" and the "frosting" are both very dense (although the frosting is still pretty darn good.)  The cake is not especially good and is not worth $2.50 each (when buying in bulk.)  I used to be a vegan and cooked all sorts of cupcakes from the book "vegan cupcakes take over the world" that were delicious!  And this bakery can't even compete with my homemade vegan cupcakes.  I just expected more.  I only tried 4 flavors so maybe they were the wrong ones.... but I doubt it.
I am never disappointed with their amazing cupcakes! I am not a vegan or vegetarian and in my opinion these vegan cupcakes are some of the best cupcakes I've ever had.
I can't sing the praises of Amanda and Corianne enough.  I am having a Jewish wedding with a non-kosher caterer so I needed a dairy free cake to eat after the meal (just so people can PRETEND to be keeping kosher).  You'd be surprised how much people balk at the idea that a cake can be done without dairy.  Another requirement I had was ABSOLUTELY NO FONDANT.  Again, people balked at how to make a "buttercream" cake without dairy.  Also adding to that is the fact that I generally hate cake for being too heavy.  That was, until I found Treehouse on Yelp.  Amanda and Corianne are magic workers with their vegan cakes.  For those of us who like animal products, I was surprised at how fluffy and delicious their cake was, knowing ahead of time that it was Vegan.  And I hate cake!  My husband was also incredibly impressed.  We served their cupcakes at our civil marriage reception and will be serving their formal wedding cake at our wedding in April.  I have loved working with them on designs and the cake just can't be beat!  We will definitely be coming back.  Cupcakes are $3.50 a pop, which seems expensive but you just have to try them.  They're worth the money.
Customer service was good, and the bakery was clean and presentable. For 2.50 a cupcake I would have liked the cake to have been at least half a size larger, but they were soft and moist. The frosting was good had just the right amount. Overall its a decent vegan cupcake!
Wow.. Just went to a gathering for a birthday and had a truly amazing vegan chocolate cake created by TreeHouse. Moist and fluffy with great chocolate flavor. Icing was chocolate and tasty too.
It sure is tough to be vegan and get good pastries! My sister surprised me for my bridal shower and brought a dozen mixed cupcakes from Treehouse. I was hooked! 

Today I dove into a 9" double layer chocolate-chocolate cake that Treehouse made for my wife's birthday. The cake was perfect and delicious - it truly could've passed for a 'regular' cake. 

My transaction with Treehouse was delightful from start to finish. Placing the order was easy - they require 1/2 down, but that's no big deal. They have a cool location with easy access and easy hours. Plus, the girls are cool. I'll definitely be back.
I now see why this place is exploding in popularity.  Forget for a moment that this place is vegan.  These cupcakes exude quality and love.  The owner was incredibly friendly and her joy for making these delicious desserts shows both in her demeanor with her customers and in the product she delivers.  And her face lights up at the chance to show you that vegan cupcakes can in fact be a delicious alternative.

A friend of mine just had a baby and she's a vegetarian who's aspiring to be as vegan as possible.  Like so many women I know she's also got a big time sweet tooth.  I'd driven by Treehouse and had seen the great ratings this place garnered on Yelp, so I figured this place would be golden.  Their offerings change daily so there's no menu to view online.  You'd either have to call the shop, read their Facebook page for menu updates, or stop in and check it out.  Being just down the street, I figured I'd stop by.

The location is just up the road from Bragg's Diner (another popular Vegan establishment) in an old building on the corner of Grand & Roosevelt.  There's plenty of parking so you don't have to worry about street meters.  The inside is relatively small and simple, with the baking area right behind the display case for all to see.  As you'd expect being on Roosevelt, there's plenty of local artworks on the walls as well.

I figured the place would be dead on Sunday around lunchtime, but there were three couples in line in front of me.  Two of which were picking up large to go orders.  The display case had a pretty wide array of cupcakes, cookies, bars, and even scones to choose from.  Based on the Yelp reviews it seems the cupcakes are the stars here, so I grabbed four individual ones.  A vanilla and chocolate cupcake for the sake of tradition.  And to mix it up I got a strawberry chocolate swirl and a salted caramel.

The strawberry chocolate swirl cupcake has chocolate strawberry frosting and the cake itself had real strawberries embedded in the chocolate cake.  Absolutely awesome.  The salted caramel cupcake is admittedly a hot mess as my fingers got super sticky caramel all over, but delicious nevertheless.  The vanilla and chocolate cupcakes were both exactly what I expected.  Simple, tasty, and just the right amount of frosting and cake moisture.  What a treat.

I've alerted my friend about this place and I'm pretty sure she's going to demand a full box of cupcakes or maybe even a full size cake from here pretty soon.  Just an FYI, for a full size cake they usually ask for 48 hours notice before pickup.  For other desserts it sounds like you can just call a couple hours ahead and they'll have some ready for you when you come by.  And of course you can just walk in and select from their array of items on display.  Oh, and in addition to vegan offerings, they also offer gluten-free dessert options.

This place might be a little off the beaten path, and the idea of a vegan dessert might sound weird to some.  But if you've got a sweet tooth and an open mind, be prepared to be wowed by Corianne's creations.
This is one of the best and cutest bakeries I've ever been too.  Everything that I've eaten from here has been absolutely delicious.  From cookies, to cupcakes, to pop tarts, I just keep going back for more...and its all vegan!  They also have some nice local art up on the walls.  The owners are very nice and friendly, you will enjoy coming here each time...
Love love love Treehouse!! This is the only place I go and trust for my vegan delights :) you have to stop by and don't be alarmed by the term vegan because I have even my non-vegan friends hooked!
Love and go here often! Get there early in the day as inventory can be pretty limited later in the day.
I'm embarrassed to admit that I have lived within walking distance to this fine establishment for two years without knowing it existed. Better late than never I suppose. Super friendly and helpful staff, good selection of treats, plenty of parking too (which is a major plus in Phoenix), and most importantly the cupcakes I got were amazing. Took them back to my office and had some co-workers munch on them, no one assumed they were vegan which I think is a pretty solid commendation. Looking forward to trying some of the other options!
It's a small and quaint shop which is extremely easy to find. Although it's a bit pricey they have discounted cupcakes as well that need to be sold that day and they were just as good as the ones not discounted. I purchased a lemon as well as a coconut cupcake which were both divine. 

Since they self-titled themselves as a "bakery" they should have a wider selection of sweets instead of mainly cupcakes. But regardless the cupcakes are scrumptious and no one will be able to tell they're vegan. ;)
I am hooked on Treehouse Bakery! A few co-workers introduced me to this quaint, little bakery that is easily accessible. The inside is adorable and proudly displays local art and other Mom & Pop shops. 
Do not be discouraged by the vegan focus here people! The cupcakes are wonderful and filled with love. The owners are very friendly and proud of their product. As they should be: talk about delicious! My favorites: churro, banana foster and a latte-flavored indulgence. 
Try this place!! You'll come back again and again!
Raw vegan cheesecake anyone? Had the gals here make a raw vegan blueberry cheesecake for my birthday. It was delectably rich and amazingly good. Who knew cashews could taste so amazing?!!

They've now made birthday cakes four times for us (this was the first raw one) and I highly recommend them for vegan birthday cakes! Delicious!

And their daily selections just keeps getting better...pop tarts and scones along with the cupcakes, cookies, and brownies. Tuesdays they have gluten-free cupcakes (altho' they have GF macaroons every day). They've also had a few mini-pies lately too! Check facebook for their selection of the day!

(Oh, they've just installed a bike rack outside) (And they display art from local artists, changes every month or so.)
I just love this little neighborhood gem!

I've purchased cupcakes, cookies, cakes, and even a pie from Treehouse Bakery. Mostly recently it was a birthday cake for my Grams' 95th - she and my family were just thrilled because it was so cute, so personalized, and so yummy!

They do a great job at reasonable prices. Plus, it's good to support a local business. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
Best Vegan bakery in Phoenix! The staff is so kind and friendly to talk to. They are even willing to offer gluten free options if you call and ahead and give them some notice. Definitely my favorite sweet spot in Phoenix!!!!
We've ordered cupcakes from Treehouse on two occassions.  We've had lemon blueberry, vanilla, chocolate, and churro.  All were wonderful.  The mini cupcakes are the perfect bite.  Highly recommend.
The ladies at Treehouse bakery knows how to make great tasting treats. Vegan aside, the churro cupcake is one of the best cupcakes I've had. Based on previous vegan cupcakes or baked goods, there is no comparison to Treehouse. One wouldn't know the items were vegan if they tried it. The prices are awesome, too, for any bakery. I've enjoyed every single item I've tried so far. Check it out!
I love Treehouse Bakery! It happens to be about a 20 second walk from my house so I love to pop in and bring some delicious treats home. My favorite cupcakes are their champagne and macaroon cupcakes, but the classic vanilla and chocolate are always a great choice too. My boyfriend loves their homemade poptarts as well. If you're looking for a refreshment then try one of their iced teas. They have a selection of 3 herbal teas, locally sourced I believe. I forgot what the tea I got was called but it was minty and delicious!
Yum! I just tried the day-old raspberry swirl cupcake (only $1.25 as opposed to $2.50 for the day-old, still perfectly delicious and fresh cupcakes) and the strawberry chocolate chip scone - both DELISH.
That's A Wrap is my #1 fav lunch spot and I'm so happy that they moved to their new location at 800 East Camelback Road! FINALLY the parking issue has been resolved! You can now officially park your car without being worried about getting blocked in - a common problem at the previous location. I had a coupon for $2 off, and decided to stop by the first day they opened the new spot just to check it out... the line was out the door. No joke that is how scrumptious this place is. The staff is also really awesome and friendly - you can tell that they are appreciative of their loyal customers. 

The My Sherry A'more wrap is heaven... Freshly sautéed spinach & onions, ripe roma tomatoes, tasty feta, juicy button mushrooms and grilled chicken bathed in a zesty sauce and bundled into a tomato/basil tortilla! Usually I don't like wraps because they tend to be dry, but That's A Wrap knows how to do it right! I would also recommend their rice bowls as well, so delish (specifically the veggie bowl & bangkok bowl). Also, if you are a fellow tofu fan, you MUST sub tofu in your dish. They grill the tofu, and it is oh so good! Even though you'll most likely have to wait in a long line for your food, it is so worth it. 

My advice is to call ahead with your order, so that if you do have to wait in a line to pay at the register you don't have to wait again for your order to be made. I would also recommend hitting this place up early or after the lunch hustle and bustle, that way you can call ahead and avoid the line all together.

BTW - Love the new outdoor patio! Great seating and the atmosphere is casual. The perfect place when you need a workday break from being stuck inside an office.
This joint used to be my favorite work-week lunch at its old location.  Then, I got a new job and was sad I could no longer walk to my favorite wrap wranglers. Amazingly, perfectly, divine-interventionly their new location opened up down the street from my new work! 

This place is wonderful for vegetarians - all meaty wraps can be substituted for a delicious grilled tofu, and several wraps are beautifully meat-free to begin with.  My favorite is the Prince of Thais (they have cute names for their wraps). 

The selection is large and the portions are generous - I don't think I have EVER finished my whole wrap and side dish in one setting, I usually split it with the boyfriend and we are both full and happy and healthy. 

At this new location there is plenty of parking, and seating, and a large outdoor patio.  They are also expanding their hours and getting an alcohol license.
New location, longer lines and busier kitchen.

I was a big fan of this place at their old location, the new one is a bit far for me, but the parking situation is much improved.

We walk in the door and encounter a line out to the door, the line is moving very slowly as the phone and the orders on it seem to take priority over us.
The menu is the same, wraps, bows and salads. Many veggie options, in fact most wraps can be made with tofu for $.50 extra.

A $8 wrap includes one side, fruit, pasta or chips. Not cheap but not bad.

I had my usual favorite The fin, Ahi tuna mango rice in wrap form. This time I was not all to happy as my tuna was over cooked until it was hard and dry, I did like the seasonings on it. The tortilla was also a bit hard and could have benefited from a bit of steaming.  

On the hot sauce side of life there is Tobasco, Couloua and Siriacha on tap.

Drop in early or be prepared to wait, and wait,  and wait. Even if you call in your oder you must wait in the line.
Oh, That's a Wrap, how I love you. 

2002, my brother lived in Coronado before it was trendy to live there, and it was still somewhat frightening. He is kind of a granola type, and took me to That's a Wrap for lunch one day. It was absolutely fantastic. Healthy, clean, something for everyone, and high quality. Flash forward 8 years and the owner sells it to the manager and they move uptown. It's actually better than it ever was.

Now, TAW has a patio... a really awesome patio. They have the same menu with the same food, and now stock beer and wine. They didn't fuck that up either, as they are carrying Oskar Blues beers. If you don't want to drink, you can have a big cup of China Mist iced tea... unfamilar with China Mist? They are a local company who does phenomenal flavored (and thankfully unsweetened) iced teas. Good job TAW, get a beer and wine license and a patio, and you make me really happy. 

Now, as if all of that wasn't enough, the lady who manages it is so frickin nice it's crazy. She has a very cool attitude and is extremely helpful. 

If you're visiting for the first time, try the Prince of Thai's, Buffalo 66, or Godfather wraps, they are all great.
Love That's a Wrap! It's the perfect local lunch spot. Quick, easy, healthy, fresh wraps, salads and yummy sides at the right price! I'm really sad they moved locations because its a bit of a trek from work now but I still make the drive. I love too many wraps to list but absolutely worth trying.
My mom was sweet enough to take me to lunch today & told me to pick a place. I decided on That's A Wrap for a healthy lunch, since I am trying to loose weight & my awesome mom has already lost a bunch. She's my inspiration for sure!

We pull up & how funny is it that my brothers (who I work with) & dad were here also. Great minds think alike! There was a short line in the tiny restaurant. I ordered while my mom got us a table on their patio. Was it a gorgeous day in Phoenix or what?!

I got the My Sherry A'more wrap with fruit salad & my mom got The Veggie Jackson wrap & added tofu with pasta salad. We both enjoyed our wraps, the pasta salad was pretty good but the fruit salad was lacking. We also each got the homemade berry lemonade to drink, it was refreshing.

I'd definitely come back for lunch sometime. Would like to bring my hubby next time & try the Turk 182 wrap or the Baja rice bowl.
A little pricey for a wrap, but the people are friendly, atmosphere is cool and relaxed, and the ingredients are high quality. One of my favorites.
That's a Wrap is one of my all-time favorite lunch-time spots! If you like wraps and haven't eaten at That's a Wrap yet, you need to do so immediately! Their menu is fantastic, with tons of delicious, quirky-named delights. And it's great for vegetarians, because all of the meat can be swapped out for grilled tofu. So far, I've had the Buffalo 66, the Seniorita No-Meata, the Veggie Jackson and the Bird is the Word. They've all been so good that when I go in now, I make a couple of suggestions as to which wraps I like, and then ask them to surprise me with their own choice. Hasn't failed me yet! And seriously, their pasta salad is AMAZING! The chips and salsa are also quite delicious, but you can never go wrong with their pasta salad. And no meal at That's a Wrap is complete without a cold glass of the berry lemonade. Mmmm.... this is all making me hungry!
So happy that That's a Wrap moved north and closer to me, thanks That's a Wrap! Expanding there hours was genius, we need more spots like this in CenPho for lunch AND dinner. 

Digging the new location and small patio space, the employees seem even more cheerful and friendly then before (if that is even possible).

This is a great spot for a vegan bites, you can customize pretty much every wrap and SURPRISE - it still tastes good! 

The Ken and Barbie-que with tofu is awesome. Senorita-no-meata sans cheese is great as well, I've never had a bad meal here - EVER. You can sub grilled tofu on any wrap, bowl or salad. Nothing much else to say besides don't change a thing!
The outside of this place does not look like much and kind off put me off, but once i got inside it was a very cute and hip place to my surprise.  

I got a gyro and it was delicious with tomatoes, Tahiti sauce, lettuce and the shwarma chicken.  I compared this to other sandwich places and it is really worth your time to stop in.

I like that they also have weekly special wraps, which I got today, and was really good.  I also liked that everything was half off so instead of a 8.75 dinner it was a 4.65 dinner,  along with alcohol prices.

Definitely  good for lunch and dinner, not so much for breakfast.

They have outside seating as well, but it was much more enjoyable inside

Recommendation:  sandwich lovers should stop by that a wrap, and stay for the intimate atmosphere and satisfying meal.
Needing a quick place to grab a bite after picking up my friend from the airport, we walked into "That's a Wrap" where the owner warmly greeted us. I was immediately impressed by the atmosphere, (seat cushions, tasteful music not too loud, and funky menus). It took us both a while to decide on what to order b/c everything looked so good! I got the Ken and Barbie-Que, and my friend ordered Alota Fajita. We were both blown away! I loved that the sides with the sandwiches were something other than bagged chips you picked out- fresh chips and salsa, pasta salad, soup, or fruit sala. 
Highly recommend this place!
I went to this place because it looks run down on the outside and I interpreted "That's a Wrap!" in a cynical way. I thought I could sit and bask in my cynical drudgery but instead they tried to offer me 1/2 price food. Like really? I'm a believer in adding 50 percent to regular prices just to flip the table on societal norms. Perhaps even incorporate a "Wildcard Bitches!" after you ring up the sheeple. Moving on they had a selection of beer and wine in some glass case behind the register. Like why is it in a glass case? Do you think we are going to swipe this mainstream corporate beer? No. Maybe if you guys had Pabst but something tells me by the repulsive atmosphere of this place that such delicacies would be out of your range. The minion at the register spoke english, how am I supposed to practice my broken spanglish when this slave to society speaks english. I just don't get people and their old broken ways of life. Look at me though being a slave to quotations and periods I don't need periods or quotations or commas or any of that brainwashing crap schools try to instill in us From now on you can just deal with it deal with me and hopefully not deal with That's a Wrap a better name would be That's all Mainstream Crap haha I crack myself up sometimes when you are at this level of intellect you forget to look around and pat yourself on the back several times a day I have a timer of when to pat myself on the back because I believe I deserve praise for my cultural and intellectual superiority to the vagrant municipalities of structured living why does That's a Wrap even have tortillas thats so vintage Finally what I have to tell you is that if you are a sellout poser you can fit right in to That's a Wrap for me though im on to better things in life I was thinking of replacing my monitor with a mirror because it would probably be more interesting to look into my complexity than any thing I could find on the internet
This is one of my favorite places to stop for lunch when I'm in Central Phoenix. Although I'm not a vegetarian, I prefer to eat healthy and I'm always on the lookout for restaurants that cater to my love of fresh veggies and fruit.  

These wraps are huge, fresh and flavorful, and I've tried several.  I especially like theThe Veggie Jackson which has Sautéed Zucchini, Asparagus, Onions, Carrots, Broccoli, Eggplant, Feta Cheese,
Balsamic Salsa and Garlic Rice in a Spinach Tortilla.  

The wraps also come with your choice of  side; either homemade pasta 
salad, fresh fruit salad, famous chips & salsa or soup.  I always get the fresh fruit.

A word of warning though, while these wraps are good, most of them are messy.  It's not something you can eat in the car.  Best to stop and grab a table and a knife and fork and enjoy.  

Love this place!
everything on thats a wrap's menu is deliciousness , i promise you can't go wrong with anything you choose and believe me i"ve had it all.........

my faves are...
7 amigos
bangkok bowl
buffalo 66 with avocado!!
veggie bowl

and not to mention their employees are real sweeties.
The sandwiches were delicious, but super greasy, I was shocked because it used to be so light at the other location. Have they under new management? I really wanted something healthy, and this was definitely not it.
If you're looking for a place that's quick, healthy, and not the same old sub-sandwich, then That's a Wrap is the place for you. The people who work there are very nice, they have awesome lemonade , and all their sandwiches and wraps are made fresh and to order. Don't be afraid to customize your order as they are happy to do it. Sitting out on the patio is also great for people watching.
I'm really happy about the new location and the expanded hours. The patio is a plus. The quality, tastiness, and friendly service is still the same. I love that they will substitute grilled tofu for any meat. I also love the sides. 
That's a Wrap is nothing insanely original or delicious. It's just really good and consistent.
I've been going to That's A Wrap since it first opened down on 7th Street.  I could walk there from my office on nice days so that was a plus.  Now that they've moved, I don't make it there quite as often, but I still like the place!   Prince of Thai's is my favorite, and Sherry Amore is great, too.  Outdoor seating is MUCH better than the old location and it's a great little mid-day retreat. Prices are reasonable for today's $.
A lot of my friends really like this place, and I have no complaints about the atmosphere or the service.  I also appreciate the idea that any wrap can be made vegetarian, so it would be a good place to go with meat-eaters and vegetarians.  But in my experience, the tofu they put in vegetarian wraps usually tastes burnt and gross.  Is that just me?  It used to happen pretty infrequently, but the last several times I've gone there, the tofu has tasted so burnt and bitter I haven't wanted to eat the whole wrap.

The menu has lots on it that sounds really tasty, and vegetarian-friendly restaurants are extremely hard to come by, but in my experience, I just haven't enjoyed the food here.
Thada boy That's a Wrap...you opened yet another tasty location that's perfect for a quick lunchtime bite! 

While in the middle of meeting mania today, I entered into the lunch hour on the road and in Phoenix. I knew I wanted a sandwich and I'd been itching to check out the new That's A Wrap location. 

My experience was top notch! I parked right in front, entered the quaint little shop, ordered, got a seat, got my food, ate it and went on my merry little way within a half hour. The service was quick and friendly. They have an open kitchen so you can see your creation getting made and they have desserts tempting you as you order. I went with the Fiesta wrap which was onions, green peppers, avocado, pico and chicken. Delicious! It's the perfect blend of Mexican food in a sandwich and it's a light lunchtime option. It filled me up without stuffing me. 

The shop is cute and quaint but has enough seats to accompany a decent size crowd. If the weather wasn't so cold today, I would have opted to sit on the patio in the front All are good options. 

This is a great treat for lunch and it gets you in and out in a timely manner. 

And that's a wrap for me!
I picked up a to go order for lunch today. I was all set on ordering the Baja rice bowl, but then changed my mind last minute & ordered the Gringo Star wrap (w/chicken, no avocado). I was also thinking about getting their famous chips & salsa for my side, but I decided to go for the healthier fruit salad option. Oh & if you didn't notice I was trying to eat healthy today, so NOT getting a cookie or brownie that they had up by the register took LOTS of willpower! The wrap was so tasty, I almost finished it all. The fruit salad was ok, wish it had some grapes & strawberries. Total for my meal was a lil under $8.
Known for its flavorful menu of wraps, rice bowls and salads, That's a Wrap has offered healthy food on Seventh Street in Central Phoenix for more than 13 years. The new location, formerly occupied by Lola Tapas, serves up the same affordable food and laid back atmosphere as the original with a fresh, contemporary interior and more space for dining, both indoors and out. 

If you've never had a wrap before it's a pretty straight forward design. Take all of your favorite sandwich ingredients, meat, cheese, tomato and dressing then surround them with a tender tortilla and there you have it. The wraps here are generously filled and could satiate some of the biggest appetites, including my own. 

The Buffalo 66 ($7.25) encompasses everything that you love about eating chicken wings, my favorite. Were talking thick juicy pieces of grilled chicken, shredded carrots, celery and spicy wing sauce all wrapped up in a herb flavored tortilla. One of the things I enjoy most about this wrap is the contrast between the heat from the sauce and the cooling effect of the dressing, spot on in every bite. 

One of the wraps I was most excited about was also the most disappointing I tried. Ordering the Clubster ($7.25) is supposed to get you turkey, ham, bacon, provolone cheese, corn bread stuffing, tomatoes, and lettuce dressed in tomato vinaigrette all wrapped with a wheat tortilla. The problem here was that there were no hints of smoky bacon or savory turkey, just a bland mix of ham, veggies and stuffing. Tearing my wrap open, neither of the two were present as far as I could tell. I'm not writing this one off yet, next time Ill ask them to double check their ingredients. 

For the lighter appetite, I use that term loosely, you could order one of their massive salads. Served in a crispy tortilla shell, the Picnic Salad ($7.75) was brimming with fresh spinach, blue cheese crumbles, toasted walnuts all lightly bathed in a wonderfully pungent balsamic dressing. For an additional charge ($.75) you can add tender grilled chicken to the mix.  

Each order comes with your choice of chips and salsa, pasta salad, fruit salad or daily soup. Trying a few of the sides, I loved the freshness of their salsa, with little flecks of black char from roasted vegetables. I'd highly recommend my favorite, their homemade pasta salad. The firm texture of their bow tie pasta was additively well dressed; I could have eaten a huge bowl if it were offered. 

Sometimes the simplest things are the tastiest like really well done baked goods. TAW doesn't disappoint with their delicious Carrot Cake ($2.75). Each bite had a nice chewiness from the cream cheese frosting and dense moist crumb of the cake. The spices were well balanced and I loved that there were flecks of shredded carrot you could actually see in every forkful. 

Be sure to check their website for specials including great deals on bottles and glasses of wine. I know where I'll be on Saturday night.
I always struggled to understand this place.  I really like the idea of a wrap---and a veggie friendly wrap is even better.  But, there were some real roadblocks that left me confused.  Tonight, I finally figured out the trick to That's a Wrap. 

First my problem: I like wraps for lunch.  But, it seems to me that many (if not all?) the wraps are pretty heavy.  Flavor wise, they were awesome.  But so much food---filled with rice---that they put me to sleep. The wraps would work for dinner.  But, somehow, I am never up for a wrap come dinner time. 

The trick: Dump the wrap and get the bowl.  Solves the dinner problem!  (And, yes, the flavors are awesome.)

Now, the whole lunch/heavy wrap issue still remains.  Please please develop light wraps! I'll then be there everyday. 

One minor complaint on the bowl: The eggplant was sort of rubbery.
Super cool little urban lunch spot, outdoor patio seating is ideal for AZ spring time.  one little word of caution... at the north entrance obey the watch your step sign... I didn't and I ate it big time, that being said, the food was so good it made me forget all about my fall.  I recommend the route 66 wrap (amazing).
The Baja rice bowl is so bomb, yummm!
Very yummy place to grab lunch! It's very laid back and the service was really good. Definitely nice to have a quick and healthy option out there.
As a vegetarian, this is probably the best place to go in all of Phoenix! It's nice because you can take meat-eaters there too. They do meat and tofu, and it's delicious either way! I got the thai wrap last time and it was wonderful! But everything on the menu is great, plus the fresh fruit side is yummy and healthy. The new location is really cute, you can sit outside on the funky patio and have a wonderful time! Plus, parking is way better than it was at the first location. Way better.
I like this place for lunch. It is relativley inexpensive, and healthy as you can get a wrap and side (choice of soup, pasta salad, or fruit) for about $7. Everything there seems fresh, they have quick service and a unique dinning and patio area. My favorite wrap is the buffalo chicken and I would reccomend it to everyone.
I fell in food love at the original That's a Wrap location, and I fell once again at the new location today... I'm a huge fan of the casual atmosphere, modest prices, and of course the wraps, sides, and salads at this place.

I went for lunch today and had the Greek Salad and black bean soup as my side.  One friend had the albacore tuna on a wheat wrap with a side of fruit and another had one of the specialty wraps with a side of pasta salad.  We were all pleased with our food.

The only negative is that I don't think this place has air conditioning, so I hope they get some fans or install a/c before the temperatures rise.  Regardless, I'll be back, even just for carry-out or to check out their "wrappy hour."
Bossman saw this place on the news or in some paper or something and wanted to give it a try. Sure glad he did! I had a wrap and he had a rice bowl. The chicken is very, very impressive. When ordering chicken breast at other establishments, I'm used to finding being bits of gristle, or fat, or tough pieces. The chicken at That's a Wrap had none of that! It was soft, tender, moist and lean...perfect! I had the Gringo Star which also had rice, black beans, sour cream, cheese, avocado, lettuce and pico all wrapped in a tomato tortilla. It maybe could have had more avocado because I couldn't really be positive it was in there just by taste. The tortilla was fantastic - soft and delicious. I chose the chips & housemade salsa, which was excellent as well. The salsa was a bit spicier than I had anticipated, but I like spicy. It just didn't seem as generically non-spiced as most other food-place's salsas. Bossman had the Bangkok Bowl (peanut chicken) and said nothing bad about it, although he wasn't sure it had the brown rice he requested (and paid extra for). I came during the normal lunch hour, so the wait was a little longer than I'd like. My lunch is always to-go, so next time I will call ahead to order. The inside is a little cramped, but the outdoor patio seems like a good space. I will definitely be back, hopefully at an off time, and eat in to enjoy their patio!
A co-worker suggested this lunch spot. I tried one of their rice bowls, the Baja Bowl. Too much sour cream for my taste, but it was good! The bowl comes with your pick of a side, I chose the salsa and chips. Chips tasted store bought, but the salsa was decent. 

Great place to order ahead and pick-up, since parking and space are limited during the busy lunch rush.
Soursdey ya'll!

I've been coming here for quite some time now, prior to it being located at the new Camelback location. I gotta say, same great food. As you can see by the name, the specialty are wraps ranging from some tasty and healthy cold/hot meat wraps to veggie. My personal favorite is the Rocky VII which is a juicy saute of either steak or chicken - I love the steak BTW, with mushrooms, onions, various peppers, provolone in a wheat tortilla. Complementing your wrap of choice is a pasta or fruit salad or the soup of the day. The pasta salad is another reason I come here! A salad with the right mix of freshness and tanginess. Very good. A small quaint place. Seating inside and outside. It's a little tough to get out of the parking lot being on Camelback during weekday lunch hours, but worth the wait. Service always comes with a smile, the food is delish, and That's a Wrap!
I Love This Place, it is so good without being stuffy.....
Prior to That's A Wrap moving I would have given this place FIVE STARS. I used to absolutely LOVE this place. Since the change in ownership (basically when they moved) I have found that things at That's A Wrap just aren't quite the same. The menu has drastically reduced in size (nearly half of the wraps were taken off), the cookies are not the same (they used to be my girlfriends ALL time favorite cookie) and some of the wraps names have changed. To me they just seem like unneccessary changes - why change the Senorita No Meata to Seven Amigos??? I mean c'mon - who doesn't want to order a wrap with the name like Senorita No Meata! I have also found that the taste of the food has been hit or miss. Some visits it's great - the pasta salad is on point and the Buffalo 66 is fantastic, while other visits I'm left wishing for more. 

My advice to the new owners would be to keep things the way they were! People like me who have been customers for years (and I'm talking close to 9 years) kept coming back because everything was just RIGHT.
Before eating at "That's a Wrap" for the first time, I remember reading a few reviews that mentioned how filling the wraps were. I thought to myself, "Ok, but that's probably for someone with a relatively small appetite." Because, you see, I usually eat "American" proportions, so I ordered the Thai wrap with the Lentil Soup.

It's not that I was eating incredibly fast, but I didn't realize how freaking full I was until about 30 minutes after I was finished with lunch. I was actually uncomfortable from being so full. I would like to emphasize again that this really doesn't happen very often for me. The food was good, nothing crazy-awesome, but good. I just wish I would have eaten A LOT less of it. That wrap could have easily fed two people. If I go again, I'll be splitting the wrap!
Wraps usually make me excited. I get to pretend that I'm being healthier by not eating bread, and instead I'm eating a tortilla that has the names of vegetables in the title and serving as a main ingredient:  Spinach, Jalapeno, and Tomato --- but then there's still Whole Wheat,  Herb, and Plain (but who wants that?). So when That's a Wrap, one of my favorite little stops in the Coronado neighborhood, decided to move-- I was sad. I'm still trying to make the trip to the Camelback location and keep up my dedication. The fact is, when I find something that really knows how to punch my taste buds, it's hard for me to shop around after the fact. So although I've been here many times before, I have only tried a few selections but they totally rock my world. 

I would like to discuss the Prince of Thai... If he truly were a prince, I would be his princess. I love the sauce that accompanies this dish. Usually I get it as a salad and with tofu just so I don't get filled up on the meat. The fresh ginger slaw, cucumber pico, red onion and garlic rice compliment each other very well.The salads are so copious that you could share them quite easily (ladies)! Also, that's the great thing, you can get any salad as a wrap and vice versa!  The Veggie Jackson, Greek Gatsby, and the Picnic are also delectable. The price for the food is what you can't beat, and they even have a liquor license now (toot toot!)
I have grabbed lunch here a few times now and really enjoy their wraps.  The Thai is a standout closely followed by buffalo chicken.  The ingredients are always incredibly fresh and taste profiles are very nice.  They also understand how mush sauce to put on an item to compliment it and not over due the whole meal.  

The pasta salad is particularly amazing, and I would suggest it to everyone.
Vegheads and carnivores alike, rejoice! Even though just about every item on the menu comes with some variety of meat, they can all be substituted with grilled tofu. Even though there's only one standard vegetarian wrap available (the Veggie Jackson).... it' delicious. Plus, the combination of feta, garlic rice, and heaps of spicy veggies wrapped in a spinach tortilla make for a really filling meatless meal. 

And, if wraps aren't for you, fear not! The bowls are awesome, especially the teriyaki and bangkok (and the carrot cake looked pretty damn good, too... eh, to hell with lunch food).
I ordered 2 wraps the gringo and the buffalo. They were both delicious but the buffalo had too much ranch. I would suggest place to anyone who like healthy, tasty food.
I love and miss this place!  I had a wrap today and it made me miss That's A Wrap!  PA needs a specialty wrap destination so badly.  The quality of products is outstanding and the service is quite special as well.  I will visit for sure when I make it back to AZ.  I miss your amazing food!
Awesome service and fresh, delicious food
Wowsers! Thank you, Yelp, for a good find!

I just purchased a new car down the street and was heading there to drop off the title on my old car. Not having done grocery shopping for the week I knew grabbing something on the way home would be in order. So I pull up my Yelp app, plug in the zip code and look at some reviews. Wraps, rice bowls and salads? Sounds healthy... I could go for that! So I perused the menu online, decided on something to pick up for myself and my boyfriend and set out after finishing at the dealer.

Immediately I was struck by how QUAINT the outside looked. It reminded me of something I would see in Austin (where I moved from a couple years back). Inside the decor is white, minimal, clean and charming. And WHOA! Cider and wine in the cooler? Yesssss.... I definitely felt at home here. I made my order to go, made some small talk with one of the employees and sat for maybe 5 minutes tops for my food and headed home.

The veggie rice bowl was SO GOOD. I wasn't sure what to expect but there's a whole lot of flavor going on in there, a perfect amount of spice, and NO skimping on the veggies. The portion was just right. I felt full but not agonizingly so.

My only complaint was that the side order of pasta salad was really small. As in the "why bother?" sort of way. I'm willing to look over that though as my boyfriend said it was tasty.

If I'm ever in that neighborhood again I wouldn't hesitate to go back again for SURE. A happy discovery!
I am a really big fan of the food here. It is reasonably priced and nice size wraps and bowls. It is small but quaint. I am a big fan...The ugly orange monument sign outside should go though..
Great variety of different wraps here! Try them out if you haven't they're bound to have something that you like and it is a great lunch spot. The lemonade is also pretty good and the staff that works here is really nice. Will be back!
I'm not a huge fan of wraps because they always seemed like a "healthy option" (which I could care less about) and I'm a bread lover - the more bread, the better. But I wanted to try something a little different and ended up here. 
I opted for the "The Clubster" (turkey, ham, bacon, Provolone, corn bread stuffing, tomatoes, Romain lettuce and pesto mayo in a wheat tortilla - but I substituted the tomato for their cranberry relish). Sounds amazing but I couldn't taste much besides bacon, cranberry and Romaine. I'm not sure if it was the balance of ingredients or maybe there were just too many flavours vying for my attentions, but it seemed really bland for something with so many ingredients. I also chose their broccoli and cheese soup as my side, which I also used as a sandwich dip. This had a TON of flavour and would have been perfect if I liked my soup on the spicier side. 
I liked the inside a lot - very clean (though it was late on a Monday night and quite empty) with really cool tables and lots of healthier drink options (fresh teas, lemonade, cucumber-enhanced water) as well as a cooler of bottled water and soda. However, it wasn't enough to bring me back - especially with a quite small wrap and cup of unfinished soup costing nearly $10.
Convenient location on my 15 block commute home from work...but I wouldn't give stars for convenience...the food HAS to be worthwhile.  This was pretty tasty.
In town from Chicago, found this place and must say, great food especially the just-made pumpkin soup. Fair prices and nice friendly personnel. We had 2 wraps and a Baja bowl. All were excellent and will come back again.
Good food here consistently.
EVERYTHING IS Always good!!!!
Wish u had 50 locations!!  :)
This is a cool, little urban place on Camelback. Parking can be pain, but the food is tasty.

I've only been here twice now and each time I've ordered the tereyaki chicken bowl which is delish. However, it's really overpriced. $10 for that? The bowl is so big that I barely even eat half of it - and it comes with a side. I wish they would have two different size options, that would solve the problem of it being too expensive and too much food.

Their wraps look good, so I'll be back to try those. But this won't be one of my regular lunch spots. Fun once in awhile though.
We came here looking for something light to eat.  Definitely light and definitely good!!  The waiter was very nice, likes to call you hun, love, sweetie.  He was also patient with us since it was our first time there and didn't know what to order.

We got the chicken wrap, teriyaki tofu bowl with fruit and gazpacho.  First time having gazpacho so I can't compare it with any other place but I thought it was good.  Wish they gave more fruit so my daughter could eat more of it but it's all good.  I really liked the teriyaki tofu bowl.  The sauce isn't overpowering like some places her and it wasn't "congealed" like a lot of teriyaki bowls can get so definitely a plus!

If you are looking for a decent place to eat with simple food, simple ingredients, this is definitely a place to stop by!  Great lemonade and iced tea, too!
This is another one of those places that I patronize on a fairly regular basis, but keep forgetting to review, and that's too bad, since this is a great place.

Their food is so good, and so reliably good, that it shouldn't be known as only a wrap restaurant.  I've had several things there, but I get one so often that I've forgotten all the rest.  I love the Thai wrap with the peanut sauce and tofu, with a side of either their excellent soups of the day, or with a side of their excellent pico and chips.  I feel so healthy when I eat here, and i should eat here way more often and lay off the pizza.  

The interior of the restaurant is a little tight at lunch, so I recommend the patio if it's open.  I would like to see them in a big airy space, but it's not going to stop me that they are not.  

This may sound funny, but I think the presentation of fast food here is the best I've seen for the price.  I like the little containers the food is delivered in, and it always looks so clean and tight, plus the food tastes just as good as it looks.  I really appreciate when people making relatively cheap food make such an effort to make it look good, too.  I would still like coming here if it was sloppy presentation, because it's tasty, but I want the kitchen staff to know that I see their work and that they do an excellent job with aesthetics, as well as taste.    

The staff:  always friendly.  It's like they take happy pills.  Maybe they do?  They seem like a family, and that is always lovely.

Also like that they serve beer and wine here, plus Reed's Ginger Ale.  Mmmm, ginger ale.

As a final word: highly recommended.
Super cute spot for a leisurely lunch - great menu choices and a really cool vibe. I didn't try an actual wrap as the brown rice bowl was calling out to me that day. But that's okay because I know I'll be back....I have my eye on that Thai wrap! But my first trip to this place was pleasant and my Bangkok bowl was dee-lish! I don't think I've ever enjoyed eating vegetables so much in my life. Something I should probably learn to do more often. But I digress...bottom line is that this place is worth a visit!
Love the food but only two starts because the employees are so high especially in the evening that the service sucks.... Having said that, if you have the muchies this prob the spot for you.
All in the rapper, E-40's voice:

Dopeness n shiat.. all wrapped up in a quaint little package. I ordered me a Thai Wrap after reading all the hype on this damned inter web, and that thang was the bizness. Had a n*gg* lickin peanut flavor off my phalanges for realz mane. Garlic rice make a thugg feel nice. Replaced that chicken with mothafunkin sauteed tofu and felt real good about myself afterward for not eating dead aminals. Too bad I'm making like 4 slabs of baby back ribs thizz weekend. Funk dem animals mane.. I be eatin them shits on the weekend only. Lots of em too. 

My side salad came in a tiny ass condiment container! Aye, That's a Wrap!! Quit skiggety skimpin on dem portions mane. 

Homie who took my order showed respek like a mugg... You wanna meet up fer lunch some time Yelpers?? Just Tell Me When To Go-

Hocus Pocus
That's a Wrap turns me into a vegetarian nearly every time I go. And I get hit on by hipster waitresses. I also can't believe I've never reviewed this place until now.

What do I love about That's a Wrap? Everything. The people are awesome. The space is extremely laid back and inviting. They have jameson and ginger ale on their limited cocktail menu. They have homemade lemonade. They pretty much have homemade everything. And I hardly ever get the same thing every time I go. 

That's a Wrap knows exactly what to do to please me.

The Tarragon and the Veggie Jackson are probably tied for my favorites. I've always wanted to try the carrot cake, but I'm deathly afraid I'll love it too much.

When I was in a few weeks ago, it took abou 20 minutes for my to go order, and to make it up to me, my next one was on the house. Because this place is awesome.
My type of place.  This is a great little sandwich shop that I finally got a chance to try a few weeks ago.   Yum! is all I can say....  I loved the Seven Amigos- Peppers, Onions, Black Beans, Corn, Guacamole, Pico de Gallo, Lettuce, Garlic Rice, cheese,
Jalapeno Tortilla.  My Fiance had Buffalo 66 Chicken, Medium Wing Sauce, Lettuce,
Tomato, Carrots, Celery, House Ranch Dressing, Herb Tortilla.  For a small place the price is a little on the high side but worth the price because of the taste. I love the many selections of Tea and ability to mix and match for the drinks. You must try it at least once.
We've been going to That's a Wrap for years, but not often enough since they moved locations. They are very vegetarian friendly which is great!! They have a few specialty veg wraps but I love that you can sub tofu for meat on any of them.
That's a Wrap in Phoenix is awesome. The eco- and vegetarian-friendly spot  serves up wraps, bowls and salads using fresh ingredients (mmm, avocado.)

My friends got the Veggie Jackson (includes zuchinni, feta and salsa) and the Prince of Thai's (spicy peanut chicken and fresh ginger slaw.)

My bud Jamel had this to say about the Veggie Jackson:

"I started dieting recently so in an attempt to avoid any extra calories I decided to forgo meat and try a vegetarian wrap. After looking over the menu for a minute, the "Veggie Jackson" with its seemingly random mix of veggies: (zucchini, asparagus, onions, carrots, broccoli and eggplant) was calling out to me. The meal came with a medley of fruit and self serve drink, it wasn't cheap at around $9.50, but I'd eaten here before and knew it'd be worth it.

Our meals came out quickly and my stomach moaned an excited growl at the sight of it. The food looked and smelled fantastic, in fact I am a little concerned Tim and Nicki might have mixed feelings about the way I tore into my meal, my only consolation is they were likely too busy enjoying their own wraps to notice.

Was the food good? Let's just say while I have no plans to become a vegetarian, the promise of meatless meals this tasty definitely makes me less adverse to the idea."

I opted for the Senorita No-Meata, a fiesta for your mouth, containing peppers, black beans, corn and rice-it reminded me of a delicious wrap I used to get all the time in college.

The wraps ($7.25 each) come with a side (my pals got fruit salad, and I got pasta salad), and they're filling without that gunky, weighed-down feeling you don't want when you head back to the office.

The place also serves their fountain drinks in recycled cups and offers a recycling station in the restaurant. No wonder there were hippie types mixed in with the business crowd.
Supper yummy wraps that are just the right amount of food.
Go-to "healthy" burrito spot. (Wraps are burritos with a fancier name.)

Let me tell you, besides the Fajitas On that I get every time, that strawberry water drink is addicting. I was so blown away the first time I had it, it was embarrassing. 

I lied earlier. I once tried the Buffalo 66, so technically I don't get the Fajitas On EVERY time. But both are delicious. Now, that is not a lie.
Needed to pick something up on my lunch hour at Walgreens on Camelback and this place's cute little sign out front caught my attention. I was a little confused on where their building was, but if you're thinking "That can't be it, that place looks like a small house" then you're in the right spot. Best hipster interior with a cool front patio and outside patio too complete with grafitti. 
That's A Wrap has a little bakery case with a few cupcakes and cookies but it's main dish (hence the name) are wraps and bowls and salads. The casier girl is a peach and was very helpful and even threw her arms in the air when I told her it was my first time visiting. I order the Buffalo 66 without carrots and a fruit salad.
Of course I went right at noon and the place was popping. Took a little while to get my food but the bringer outter of food was very polite and assured all the other crazy take outters our food was on its way.

They had cuccumber water, old fashioned Coke bottles, a decent alcohol variety and soda too. Diners were served wraps in what looked like a roofing gutters cut off but it was a little rectangular tin, perfect size for the wraps. I loved it!

I am eating the wrap now and my only complaint is that the fruit salad was a tad small and the chicken is shredded instad of chuncked which you often see in buffalo chicken wraps. Nonetheless, I'm loving the crap out of it and I cannot wait to finish the second half. I will be going back to this place.
"Are you sure this is the right place?" my girlfriend said as we drove up.  I had no idea, as I hadn't been here before either, but we trusted the small orange sign and went on in anyway...

We were greeted by a simple and sweet dining room, complete with comfortable bench seating and hip(ster) decor;  nice.  After looking over the menu for a minute we had settled on a Turk w/ Pasta salad for her and a Buffalo 66 with homemade Pumpkin soup for me.  We each grabbed a cup of the cucumber water and anxiously waited.  

When the food arrived, it looked delicious.  Fresh chicken, glazed with buffalo sauce, lettuce, ranch, and carrots were wrapped perfectly in a lightly grilled herb tortilla, accompanied by homemade pumpkin soup, which, we found out, included bits of tomato and avocado as well!  Her "Turk" was a non-traditional turkey club (sans bacon), perfectly accentuated by the avocado, chipotle mayo, and accompanying pasta salad.  

All in all, we finished our lovely meal longing for more but perfectly satisfied.  If you want to reach that "perfect full" with delightfully fresh, homemade food, look no further;  That's a Wrap is your place!
Loved, loved, loved this place.  The space is adorable, simple and clean.  The staff is uber friendly and courteous.  The food is absolutely delish.  I ordered the Prince of Thai with chips and salsa.  For me, the portion was perfect - filling without being too much (right amount of rice, especially, which can leave you feeling overstuffed). My wrap had a slightest kick to it which was welcomed.  I normally love a whole lot of spice, but sometimes just the faintest amount can do wonders. I found the salsa flavorful as well. 

I can't think of anything subpar about this joint, and I can't wait to go back and try a new menu item!
Prince of Thai, every time! :o)
One of my favorites.
My husband and I eat here about every other week. I've tried most of their wraps, homemade soups, and a few of their bowls. I've never had a bad meal here, it's a great place to go to get a healthy, reasonably priced, fast meal. They have really good iced tea and fresh lemonade, and their staff is always really nice. Also, they now have a $6 daily special. I would highly recommend That's a Wrap.
Love the food but only two starts because the employees are so high especially in the evening that the service sucks.... Having said that, if you have the muchies this prob the spot for you.

Update, the problem I had previously mentioned seems to be fixed and now they seem to get my order right every time and quickly
I love this place! They have amazing soup and everything I've tried on the menu so far has been great. It's nice to have a casual meal at a reasonable price and feel good about what you just ate. They are vegan friendly and also allow dogs on the patio.  The staff is also amazing.  It's truly a great spot.
I want to preface this to say it sickens me to give this place a 2 star rating.  I've been going to "That's A Wrap" for years.  Back when they were on 7th Street and then with the move to Camelback.   I have always loved the food.  It's been a craving at times.  There were times I used to stop off just before they closed and I would visit with the then owner while waiting for my dinner on my way home from work.  I would race out of work just to make it in time. 
Lately, and this seems since it has moved to the Camelback location, the food is still very good, however the size of the wraps have drastically decreased.  Last week, I grabbed a wrap to-go and when I got it hope I was like WTF?  I have noticed this decrease slowly happening over time but last week was the limit.  I feel like it's not even worth my time or money to go here anymore.   What happened??  The flavors are still there, but there is some serious cost cutting going on.  If i was to guess, I think the owners are trying to switch this over to a "corporate" establishment. This is probably a sad attempt to open more locations.  I don't know what they need to do to make it work, and I hate to say it, but I won't be back until this is fixed.
Great neighborhood gem! Love the food, patio and the friendly service! Great specials, too! Been there twice and loved it so much it promoted me to leave my 1st yelp review!!
I just moved to the neighborhood, and also I should mention, my own place where my mom does not cook dinner every night. Lately I have been subsisting off of Bagel Bites, and today the bf picked up some kind of -ico's or -erto's that made me feel like I was going to explode, so I was craving health food but simultaneously feeling extremely lazy. I remembered a lovely lunch I'd had at That's A Wrap, saw they were open til 8, and drove on over.

I ordered the Thai wrap with pasta salad, and then realized I had forgotten my wallet. For the 2nd time today. Like an idiot. I was about to go home in despair and microwave some mini corn dogs but the cashier was SUPER nice and just gave it to me. I was SO FREAKIN' grateful because I had gotten myself all psyched up for this food. 

I LOVE their cucumber water, and I get half homemade lemonade/half blackberry jasmine tea. The place is super cute and small and such an excellent alternative to fast food. Since it's more of a lunch place, it was empty and probably faster than McDonald's with good quality food. I had forgotten how spicy the Thai is but I loved it- and they have those delicious super Asian pickled cucumbers.

I will try to convince the bf to go back for a date night special- we both claim to be attempting to eat healthier. At the least will be back for lazy night takeout and girl time lunches.
I've seen and heard about this place since I've lived on this side of town and have wanted to come here for some time.  I finally made it in yesterday, and it was everything I thought it would be.  Delicious!

The menu is pretty good, and the prices are great. It kind of has a fresh and healthy feel to it, which is great.  I went with the steak wrap, and my friend went with a chicken wrap.  Staff was friendly and helpful, and overall I really enjoyed it.

I love how they serve the meal in a metal bread tray, and I thought it was super cute.  They had limited drink options, so I stuck with water.  Food was tasty and filling, and overall I really liked it here.  They have free wifi here, so its pretty cool that you can bring your computer, hang out and dine here while relaxing on the patio.  Total bill for two lunches was about $20.
I'm so glad I discovered this place. In the land of chain restaurants, this is an adorable local eatery with a focus on fresh, healthy and flavorful wraps and salads.

As a (mostly) vegetarian, I rejoice that every menu offering can be made veggie, by substituting tofu for meat. And I appreciate that the guy at the counter didn't roll his eyes when I explained my dietary restrictions, but was instead super helpful and made great recommendations.

Everything I've had here is delicious and tastes homemade. And I love that they have Reed's Ginger Ale and unsweetened teas.

What a relief from the greasy, salty, meat-focused, chain restaurant food that is the standard fare in Phoenix.

And they will give you a card for a free wrap or salad after you've bought a few meals there.

There is a cute shaded patio for when the weather is nice, and the staff are very friendly and nice, too.

And, extra points for recycling and using compostable utensils!
This is my favorite wrap/sandwich place in Midtown/Phoenix. It's always good and never lets me down. Good portion sizes to be full but not stuffed, fresh produce and great tasting flavor combos. Simple but effective. Plus the strawberry water is delicious.
I LOVE That's a Wrap. Not only is the food always good, the staff is super friendly and always make good recommendations if you don't know what to try. My favorite dish is the buffalo chicken wrap and the black bean soup, but I have not had anything I don't like!
Quite frankly this establishment if you like absolutely tasteless overpriced vegan hippie food with all the attitude of hipster lassez faire service.  This is the place to go...
This is my favorite lunch spot in town. I love the daily $6 daily wrap specials! 

So the staff here are amazingly polite and are great will regulars, welcoming them back am remembering not only faces but also names. 

I'm always on the lookout for healthy places to eat in town and this is definitely one of them. All of the wraps can be prepared as salads and tofu can be substituted for meat.

Lets not forget that happy hour starts at three and did I forget to mention their deserts? Brownies, cookies, and carrot cake. Yum!
Went there thinking we would receive great service and food but were told that their POS system was down... we offered to pay cash and was denied service.  Very unprofessional as we feel they could have easily taken the order "old school" on a piece of paper but that was not the case.  We were also trying it out for a possible catering job in the near future.  We ended up getting great service and food someplace else and we were so satisfied that  we placed our 900.00 order!  We will not be going back to That's a Wrap.
I love this place. Always friendly service and always delicious food! It has a unique friendly atmosphere that I love. I brought about 10 wraps to a work meeting once and everyone loved them. They're really health conscious and I like that you can get a wrap or a salad on any item. I would recommend this place to anyone.
Updated 4/7/14

After the owner made it a point to reach out to me and address some of the concerns I mentioned in my previous post, I was willing to give That's A Wrap another shot a few months later. I've been back three times (!!!) in the past month and I'm happy to report that I experienced none of the problems mentioned earlier. My husband and I have ordered to-go twice and both times our meals were flavorful, fresh, and super tasty, and the orders were accurate. Brought my sister back here for lunch on their patio (yay, spring in Phoenix!) and she loved it. She also ordered a cocktail and a cookie and said they were great. I'm really pleasantly surprised and will continue to frequent in the future. Thanks, guys! Good job. 


________________________________________



I want to love you, That's a Wrap. I really, really do. 

Healthy, veggie friendly menu at a decent price? Check. Convenient downtown location? Check. The best southwestern-style pumpkin soup I've ever had? Check. $4 Jameson and gingers? Check. Cute, shady, dog-friendly patio? YOU HAVE MY ATTENTION. 

But here's where you lost it:

I know lots of places now use call-center type services to handle their take-out orders. Like PF Chang's. Big, chain-type restaurants with a set menu might need that. You do not. Especially when there is a consistent lack of communication regarding your soups/rotating selection of menu items. 

Consistently screwing up my order. Like. Every. Time. I shouldn't have to pick up lunch only to get home, deconstruct my order to remove mystery ingredients, get frustrated, and make an entirely new wrap. Avoiding that is kinda why I pay you seven bucks to do it in the first place.

Decreasing food quality. I've been pulling myself back here every few months for the last several years, and I've seen employees come and go, the menu change drastically, etc. But this past visit may truly have to be my last. Giving me a totally unrecognizable wrap from the one that I ordered, with a single, finger-nail sized piece of browned avocado, lettuce that literally SMELLED, dressing/tomatoes/onions that I didn't order, and super stale chips. Not only was it wrong, it was no longer fresh. Some places can get away with serving stale tortilla chips. Whatever. Bad fresh produce, though? When thats the basis of your establishment's menu? NO. No.
This place is pretty amazing. The food is super fresh and incredibly well made. However because it's fresh and made to order it does take a little longer to get food out to their guests.
Love love love this place! I use to work at the Wells Fargo next door and use to eat here everyday! They are a tad bit pricey but the buffalo salad and the Mexican salad is bomb!!!!! Never had a wrap though lol. They have great pasta and chips! Must go.
One of those places you pass by a hundred times before stopping in. I'm glad I changed that over the summer after the lunch special caught my eye. I ordered the  The Gringo that day. Unreal. I was completely hooked and proceeded to return a dozen times over the following month. I've tried nearly everything on the menu at this point. The quality is as consistent as the service and there really isn't much I don't care for. The staff is a blast and I always enjoy conversing with them. Orders are served up quickly with consistently fresh-tasting ingredients. I'm amazed there is only one location but understand that this is a sort of side project for the owner. Simply one of the best lunch spots in PHX.
I've been a patron since the old location and now I'm happy that they are closer to me.
My favorite sandwich is the Buffalo wrap. Ask for hunks of blue cheese if you get it. I'm from Buffalo, and I can tell they use Frank's. 
My only complaint is the tiny portion of the side salad you get. I don't know of any other place that has such a small side.
They staff is very friendly and a lot of fun.
They also have a punchcard, so you get a free sandwich.
Found this place on yelp & decided to give it a try even though its kind of far from work. My first visit I had the gringo wrap, chips & salsa, and a strawberry-watermelon agua fresca. Everything was great, especially the agua fresca! It did take a while for our food to come out which is understandable since it was lunchtime.

The second time I was smarter, I called in my order for pickup. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and had the pasta salad..again both really good!...dat pastaaa... 

Only complaint is that both times my chicken was a bit dry..my friend also noticed that as well. That though will not keep me from coming back. I'm looking forward to trying the thai wrap & other items on menu. I wish they had a place like this in Mesa!
The counter staff is phenomenal.  There is always a line and he is very cool headed and takes everyone's order concisely.  The problem that I have had here is that the two times I have visited, they have messed up my order 3 times.  Yes, you read that correct THREE TIMES.  One time it was fixed quickly and today it was messed up twice.  I am not sure what the kitchen staff is doing back there, however, the wait time and accuracy is ridiculous.  I won't go back due to the fact that they have goofed 3 times out of 2 visits.  Food is very good, when made to order.
I stopped by before dance today for a slice of cake. The young lady that helps me was so kind and friendly. I felt like I was hanging out at my friends house. I recommend going, even if it's for a slice of home made cake :-) can't wait to go back.
Lets start out by saying I'm on a diet....yes I am... I think....anyway looking for some "healthier" options I found this place by of course using yelp and was sold as soon as I saw the buffalo chicken wrap. The wrap was very good the sauce was not so spicy but they had some hot sauce to compensate for my fire loving side. Over all very clean place, friendly staff, and nice atmosphere! Will be back for sure!
Hipsters unite. Good salsa! Average wraps.
Excellent from the start to finish! Our first time today and we were all very pleased. Amazing staff / service, wraps, watermelon drink, cucumber water, and then the carrot cake. It was all good!!! Can't wait to go back.
If you want a REAL wrap, then I suggest you eat here. 

I am enamored of the quality/freshness of ingredients they use in their wraps, as well as the generous amounts of more expensive (protein and cheese, etc.). The care of the "craftsmanship" of their food products is just uncanny. I feel like I'm getting a massage and a kiss when I eat their food.

The vibe is cool and comfortable. I don't feel like anyone wld be snarky or snub me here. Another "safe place".

Service is always on-point and genuine. Five stars.
i love everything about this place except its location.

I got into it last summer when my boss introduced me to the thai wrap. As of recently I began getting the thai bowl though and I always get the pasta salad as my side, ALWAYS!

I love the outdoor patio area, the staff is nice & they do a 6 dollar lunch special. 

They also have date night, you'll need to double check but I believe its M&T 20 dollar for two meals and a drink.. definitely something to look into. 

My suggestions: Arcadia location & breakfast wraps :)
If I lived in the area, this would be a go-to lunch spot for me.  Very affordable - my buffalo chicken wrap was $7.80 and my cucumber-infused water was complementary - nice outdoor seating and great service!  Definitely recommend!
Decided to try this place on a whim while in the area... The Thai wrap was super yummy, the Turk was okay. I suggest the fruit vs the pasta side. Definitely don't forget the fresh watermelon strawberry agua fresca - it's delicious!!!
I don't understand what the hype is with this place. Maybe it's because I'm not a hipster, but I was not impressed. I've given this restaurant three tries because the reviews are so great and I've just never been thrilled. Each time I tried a different wrap, and not one has excited me. The best thing I had was the pasta salad, which I've still had better at other places. The place is also always super crowded and takes forever to get your food. I was even forgotten once and ended up waiting 30 minutes. Always fun. Lastly, I was so excited when I saw they had hibiscus tea (yum!)...it was disgusting. So bitter and didn't even taste remotely like tea. I've had hibiscus tea at other places and it has never tasted like that. Makes me shudder to think about. Maybe it was old. Anyway, I will not be back. Enjoy, hipsters!
First time. Love the decor and employees are friendly.  I got the Tarragon wrap.  Lots of flavor, however the chicken was dry and there was too much celery and not enough grapes. Salsa and chips were good, really good. Would come and try something else if I'm on the area.
I love That's a Wrap!!!! The ingredients are fresh, the staff  is friendly, and he atmosphere is like nowhere else. Unfortunately, I think this place gets a little busy and can't handle the volume of customers that roll through for the lunch hour. However,t eh food is so good that I won't let this knock a star. 

Overall, best wraps in the valley--hands down,
The homemade salsa was delicious, and the strawberry-watermelon agua fresca! I ordered the veggie wrap and could tell that the ingredients were fresh but the seasoning just wasn't there. Luckily I had the salsa to put on the wrap and I grabbed the Sriracha from the back table. I love everything about the idea and the execution of the place, so I'll be back to try another item.
BEYOND AMAZING!!! This is not just good food for vegans, it's great food for anyone. It's a cozy diner atmosphere with extraordinarily friendly staff and a passionate owner and chef. I had the French Toast and it was the best french toast I've ever had, hands down. GO!!!
Finally! Somewhere in Las Vegas that I can get brunch, besides my own kitchen!  Now, I know what you're thinking: Jen - isn't brunch mainly an excuse to swig bloody Mary's and/or Mimosas and be drunk before 2pm? doesn't being vegan and not able to eat anything besides dry toast and fruit make that easier?  Well, yes.  You got me there.  But sometimes, I actually want a little protein or maybe a waffle too/instead.  Is that so much to ask? Apparently so.

Until now.  

I'm gonna be honest.  I had tried some of Chef Mayra's catered food before at events and had not been blown away.  They were fine, always just a bit bland.  Not so with the brunch! Fortunately I went with three friends, so we just got one of everything on the brunch menu and shared.  I'm usually not a big fan of sweet/carb-y breakfast food, but the waffles and french toast were outstanding.  OMFG, that chocolate waffle.  It was like the most delicate delicious brownie... I don't know if I could eat a whole one, but 1/4 was the perfect breakfast dessert.  I also loved the regular waffle and the sausage with peppers that came with the French toast! The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was the breakfast burrito.  It was a bit cold, with unmelted Daiya cheese, and the flavor profile just didn't hit me right.  But the side of beans that came with ..... damn.  One of the best things I've tasted in awhile!  I admit I probably took more than my fair share... 

Great coffee, with lots of different flavors of coconut milk creamer.  And the ultimate in refreshment - citrus cucumber water. Yum.

We had very attentive service, the chef even came out and spoke to us personally.  Our total bill for 4 with coffees, an entree and fancy waters was under $60.  We all left completely stuffed and quite happy.

Can't wait to come back and try the lunch menu; if it's as good as my favorites on the brunch menu, I'll probably round this up to 5 stars.  So thrilled to have an organic, all vegan place that's close to home!
This is my favorite place in the whole wide world! The food is amazing and it's a fun place to hang out. I really am not sure what I did before they opened!!! If you haven't been yet you are seriously missing out!
OMG....this was my first experience at Pura Vida and I am in love! I am a newly practicing vegetarian, and if I had known food could taste this good I would have changed my lifestyle years ago! Chef Mayra is very knowledgeable about flavors and textures. I was so excited to have finally been able to taste her food and I was not disappointed. 

The service was exceptional, and the coffee was certainly worth waiting for! I can't wait to try some of the lunch entrees, and love the fact that you can call in advance and have the order ready to go. Take out of truly good, healthy food is a definite plus! Everyone, vegan, vegetarians, and those just wanting good food....go now to Pura Vida.
Great food and friendly staff.
I have been yearning for a good vegan restaurant in this town of buffets and finally we got one! 

The food was awesome, I got a breakfast burrito and the fruit infused water. I asked for it to be gluten free and they had no trouble doing that for me. 
Even my boyfriend who loves the meat (that's what she said) loved the food here! 

The ambiance could use a little work, maybe some music and a few fans, we were sweating.... a lot.
Chef Mayra is amazing !! So glad to see she finally got her own place. 

Have only tried her desserts so far but they are delectable !! You cannot even tell they are vegan !! TRy it or bring in a carnivore & see if they can tell ... We had a bunch of her desserts at a gathering & everyone helped themselves & could not tell they were vegan treats ... 

I have not been in to try the other eats but i will soon as I am sure they will be as good her desserts ... 

Also she supports local charities like Food Not Bombs & has a very kind heart ...
It is hard to get a carnivore to go to a place that only serves vegan food, but Pura Vida makes vegan food fun and healthy. The staff here are all friendly and Chef Mayra is seen out front socializing as much as in the back cooking. 

This small restaurant is always packed with loyal customers. It is nice to see waitstaff and regulars interact because you know that service is a top priority.

A minor inconvenience is the wait. The small grill is often occupied with pancakes and french toast, so if you place an order after a large party there is a wait. Not having much to eat, running errands, driving across town, and then waiting a while I was starting to get antsy. Somewhere along the line, the conversation stopped and we were squirming around in an uncomfortable silence. Chef Mayra must have sensed the mood change and sent some of her carrot cake bites. It was not necessary, but a kind gesture, and appreciated. They were definitely healthier than any carrot cake I have had. I enjoyed them more than my companions, because the frosting was not a thick cream cheese style, but looser and closer to a glaze. The cake was mostly moist with nice bits of carrots and raisins throughout.

When our My Love Burritos ($9.99) arrived, the two burritos came with a few flax seed chips and a side of salsa. You did not read wrong, there were two large burritos stuffed with a mixture of beans, potatoes, onions, peppers, and spinach wrapped in a spinach tortilla. This dish was one of their soy free offerings. On a regular day, I would probably eat just one, but I devoured both. The salsa came with nice rough cuts of cilantro. I ended up using three souffle cups worth because the flavors were so intricate and delicious. 

Our waitress told use that the weekends tends to be backed up and they run out of items quickly. Next time, midweek sounds like a good time to go to try new items.
The food here is amazing.  The two meals I had here were collectively the second best vegan meals I've ever had - since the best were over $100/person (at Wink in Austin), this is quite an achievement.

We visited early in a several-day decompression stopover after Burning Man 2011, and loved it so much that we had to come again on our way out of town.

When entering, you are faced with a cozy little mom and pop type of diner environment.  Janee, the serving staff, will greet you and right away tell you what is available today.  She is friendly, warm, and engaging.

There is no menu besides the two boards (specials and favorites), and the dessert case.  We had on our first visit a jace wrap, a quesadilla, and a pasta dish, all were excellent - deserving special notice is the bean salsa.  The limeade was great, too, and the "Kangen Water" (water with a lot of Eco-friendliness and balanced stuff).  And the desserts - brownies and a warm chocolate cake with chocolate syrup - were fantastic.  

Pro-tip: if you drink 3/4ths of a limeade and have Janee top it off with their apple water, the mix is fantastic!

On our second visit, we got waffles and "two loves" burritos.  The burritos were great - the waffles were great for vegan waffles, but I would not recommend them to omnivores (waffles are tough to do vegan, they really need that whipped egg white froth to form a light and airy structure).

Chef Mayra is enthusiastic about her food, and is passionate about making sure diners enjoy it.  Our first visit, we
were the only ones here (we came just before close - we did not realize it, and they did not pressure us at all, but we ended up leaving an hour after close), and she spent some time visiting with us. More impressive was our second time - even in the middle of the lunch hour rush, she made sure to visit with every patron.  She is really engaged with her business, and it is clearly her calling!

You do not have to be vegan to enjoy the food here - I am not (though my partner is).  If you have the time to go just a few miles from the strip, you owe it to yourself to try the food here!
Good flavorful vegan food. A little on the pricey side for minimal ambiance and part of town ($55 to feed family of 4 after tip).  Definitely good for an intro to vegan food with lots of 'comfort' vegan food. Bakery was a bit bleak to non-existent when we stopped by during mid-brunch. Overall I'm really glad to see a dedicated vegan restaurant here in Vegas and I'm sure Chef Myra will continue to build on a great start!
I support local artists and small businesses. I told all my vegan friends sbout this place as soon as I read about it. 
 
I finally went with friends this Sunday to check it out. We stood for 15 min waiting for a table. The restaurant seemed to be very understaffed, as they only had one waitress and they were out of many things on the menu.

When we finally did get to order, they seemed to be out of things so I said that I'd take a waffle or pancake just to try anything. We received comolimentary chips and salsa since we were waiting so long,
At this point we were starving and couldnt take it anymore! After being there almost 2 hours we left.

I can't say anything for the food, but I hope that Chef Myra gets more staff to help the prep work, and more waitresses. Best time to go seems to be the weekdays.
very good.  We had pancakes, waffles, the burrito, sausage plate, and breakfast potatoes.  I am a meat eater, and a very proud veggie/vegan home chef.  Pura Vida is fantastic.  Some of the best vegan i've had.  

Down sides are the fake cheese, (not my preferred brand, not very melty, also i prefer to just skip the fake cheese and add tofutti sour cream for cheesey like things) and the limited menu,  We were quite surprised to find no tofu-scramble on the daily breakfast menu, HOWEVER the chef was very sweet and i get the feeling you could ask for anything and she'd make it.

A nice surprise was the "house" water, a choice of cucumber mint, and something citrus based at the time we went. Awesome.
Coming from San Francisco - I'm used to lots of good vegan food, so didn't expect much from Vegan. Finding some simple vegan options around Vegas is pretty easy - finding GOOD vegan options (much less an all-vegan place) was harder.

I just had breakfast, but it was one of the best tofu scrambles I've ever had. Great unique flavors, and the staff clearly take passion for their food, feedback from customers, and innovating new things.

I'll totally be back - a gem in the desert!
Let me start off by saying the entree we had was great. My partner and I shared a Love Two Burritos, and the portions were big enough to fill both of us. The burritos were great except the potatoes, which were flavorless and took away from the rest of it. The entree alone gets four stars. 

BUT! Dessert was awful. We had the carrot cake. I love Chef Mayra's carrot cake normally, I've purchased it at Rainbow Food prior to my visit to Pura Vida. This time the cake was stale, and stuck to the paper they served it on. The chocolate sauce didn't go at all well with the cake. It also had an odd astringent taste, perhaps too much of one spice?

The service was worse. It wasn't that my server wasn't trying, but she was obviously overwhelmed by the amount of customers. It took forever to get our food. We were in the restaurant for almost two hours, for just one entree and one pre-made dessert.

The restaurant didn't look very clean, it was extremely cluttered. I also saw an employee handle the phone/computer/etc. while wearing food handling gloves, I sure hope she changed them when she went into the kitchen! The paper towels were on the floor in the bathroom, gross! Parking was nearly non-existant and I was worried I was going to get towed. The location was also hard to find.

In short. I definitely will not be returning, and will stick to homemade vegan goods instead.
"It's not easy being green," sang Kermit.  Well, it's not easy being vegan especially in buffet capital of the world.  Pura Vida Bakery and Bystro is making it a lot more tasty.  As part of our first annual Vegan Vegas Visit, my vegan daughter had this fledgling eatery on her list of to dos.  

The food was amazing (and I have suffered through a lot of experimental cardboard), fresh, creative and good enough for me to refuse to leave any behind.  The high point of the visit was the chance to meet and talk with owner/chef Mayra about her vision for vegan food in Las Vegas and the restaurant she finally opened to share that vision.  

The food is the reason to visit.  The location is a starter one.  The opportunity to eat fresh ethically produced food of this level is priceless.  Bravo chef Mayra.
Hallelujah, a vegan brunch place in Vegas!!!  

They're still pretty new and working out the kinks, but overall, the food was amazing and service even better.  The chef came to personally welcome us and chatted for a few (I love this new trend with start-up restaurants).  My mom and I had the WOW tofu scramble, and my dad had the waffle with strawberries inside.  For non-vegans, my parents were impressed, so that says a lot.  I would LOVE to see this business thrive.  For them, and my own selfish reasons, because it's the only vegan brunch spot I've noticed in the 2 years or so I've frequented Vegas.

DO ORDER the APPLE CHEESE FRITTERS.  OMG wow.  I brought one home and heated it up later in the day, and I'm already craving more.  The choc chip cookies are perfect, too, so soft and chewy.

There was no waiting, and we arrived around 11am on Sunday.

Some improvements I'd like to see - 

- a thorough menu that I could hold at my seat.  We had to decide what to eat outside in the scorching heat, then go inside to order.  Also, some of the menu items were vague, and hard to know what you'd actually get.

- a less spicy, more savory tofu scramble.  The spice was a little shocking when we weren't expecting it.  Tough on a morning tummy.

- better quality seating & tables, three of us had to squish onto a little table, and the chairs were tiny, kind of like elementary school seats.

I'll be back soon, and hopefully my next review will get that fifth star :)
The food here is amazing. I love the limited menu that allows for food that is in season and fresh... But still provides enough variety for everyone. Had the 'My Love' two burrito plate and it was more than enough food and quite simply some of the best vegan food I've had. My only issue is the location and ambiance leave a little bit to be desired.
Vegan Vegas again.

I'll put a disclaimer first. I was not in a happy mood when I came here. Annoyed that I was losing money, and annoyed that we weren't going to Ronald's Donuts like we had planned, instead went here. 

The service itself was okay, but very slow. They had four people in the prep area, but really only one person was serving and actually doing work. She was very nice, but not too attentive, and needs to learn how to multi-task.  I ordered the orange-apple water which was quite refreshing, kind of like vitamin water or really diluted sunny d. 

The food was pretty good, though on the pricey side. I had a chile relleno burrito. I was expecting a chile relleno inside the buritto, but really it was more like the flavors of chile relleno. A pepper was stuffed inside a burrito with some daiya cheese. It was good, but something I could replicate at home easily. It did also come with a delicious serving of beans and rice. And the portion was huge. It came with two "mini" burritos cut in half, so four half burritos. I had enough for dinner later. My friend got the Latin-tude, another burrito concoction, though I couldn't remember exactly what was in it.  

I would give this place another chance, though I'm not dying to return.
The first time I (an omnivore) came here with a (very vegetarian) friend, I was a little hesitant because I had only had rather sub par veggie/vegan experiences until then. We were actually coming to taste a sampler of sorts for a potential catering opportunity, and ended up trying the best of the best that the amazing Chef Mayra had to offer. We first started with some breakfast, I had a waffle the size of my head, which was incredible. It had a hint of cinnamon with the texture of a really good carrot cake. My friend had the breakfast of vegan champions, and because I can't remember exactly what it was, the meal consisted of "eggs", "sausage", and "potatoes." Just kidding, the potatoes were real live potatoes and super delicious.

Several hours after our initial orders, we had gone through plate after plate of different veg-tastic food and could barely breathe. My friend ended up ordering a jillion empanadas, pastry puffs, buckets of bean salsa, and cupcakes for her cocktail wedding reception. At said reception, the guests had no idea the food was even vegan but very  obviously enjoyed every single meat-less bite. By the time I even got to dessert, a friend had to force-feed me half of one lemon cupcake and half of a chocolate cupcake (my fav, btw) because they were just too good NOT to eat; even if my entire body had to shut down to digest all of that delicious food.

If the idea of vegan food excites you about as much as a slab of cardboard with a side of newspaper mush, then Pura Vida will certainly change your carnivore ways. There is something about the spices Chef Mayra has so effortlessly conquered that really work in such a way that you forget you're not eating meat/processed foods, but instead fresh and eco-friendly meals that just make you want to throw your head back and praise the vegan gods.
As a first time Vegan eater I was delighted by the tastes and textures as well as the variety available.
I have never really eaten vegan foods until recently. Chef Myra and I were talking at the wedding reception she catered. Her preparation and ideas on how the food should be cooked clearly shows a passion for making quality food that not only tastes great, but does not lack certain textures that are found in common food dish's today. Pura Vida seems like a nice relaxing place to go and hang for a while, as Chef Myra puts it. This is a restaurant that takes time to make everything from scratch. Being a non-vegan, I can honestly say it was the best items of food that I have ever tasted from a vegan chef. I will definitely be visiting Pura Vida to try more and see what else is as great as the food I tried last.
I've been to a lot of vegan restaurants and seriously pura vida is one of the best vegan spots I've been to. The gluten free options are delicious. they are so accommodating, thank you chef mayra! the best best best!!
A few weeks ago I went to my friends' wedding reception that had vegan food catered by Pura Vida.  They were all finger foods: empanadas, Caribbean pastries, cranberry chutney, organic chips with bean dip, and lemon and chocolate cupcakes.  All these foods choices were fantastic for the reception and I still can't believe those foods were all vegan... I honestly didn't taste the difference at all!  What I liked about these foods was the 'foodie' in me could tell a lot of thought was made into making these foods and made me appreciate it.

I took some pictures of the foods if anyone wants to check it out: http://www.cheerupwithfood.com/2011/10/vegan-catered-wedding-reception.html.  These pictures say more than my words.  This food experience was truly refreshing and unique!
Man, if I wanted some imitation food, I'd go look for those plastic-y window displays.  But since when did vegan food become equated with imitation food?!?!

Hubby and I shared the sampler platter for breakfast - it's $15 and you do get a LOT of food, more food then the two of us could ever finish! (here's a contradiction - isn't vegan also suppose to be good for people! and not JUST for the animals. It's cruelty to fellow humans to offer such large portions!!!).  The sampler included: the Latin'tude, the Love, the tofu scramble, vegan sausage, roasted potatoes, Tha' Waffle, two small pancakes & a chocolate covered strawberry. 

The first three items are just different kinds of tofu!!! followed by vegan sausage (not sure what food group this would be) and three kinds of starches. What happened to VEGETABLES?!?!

There *were* several spinach leaves and some sliced green bell pepper - more of a garnish, really. Everything else, short of potatoes and the strawberry, was something pretending to be something else. WHY???

It tasted ok, while it was hot. But we ended up waiting for over half-an-hour (do vegans not have to be places?) and by the time our food came, it was just warm, which left just a small window of opportunity to try to enjoy it before it began resembling soft rubber. 

All in all, the verdict on Pura Vida is once-is-enough, but unfortunately, they are not the only vegan resto that doesn't believe in real food...
Im having my wedding cake made here. So I brought my family for brunch to do a tasting as well. It was busy and service was slow and there was a tv crew doing some sort of review as well. So this amped up the busy factor. I am also pretty sure they were taking pictures of our food. So it took a while but they came out with coffee, lattes, juice, salsa samples, bean dip salsa samples, etc. It kept us busy while we waited.

The bean dip salsa thingy is amazing. My mom and I just kept eating it. Fairly addictive I must say.

The food was huge and delicious. my father and I got the pancakes with fruit, fiance got the chocolate waffle, mom got a waffle with fruit as did my brother and sister in law. My father was a champ and took down the pancakes pretty well but they were enormous. I got it divided neatly in half and tried some sausage and potatoes. The sausage was spicy but good and the potatoes needed salt and a touch of oil but were good too. My pancakes were delicious and sooo filling. The waffles were reviewed to me as good in flavor but a little crumbly (these were all non vegans but me so I was impressed with good reviews). My mother declared the sausage nothing like real sausage and moved on. 

The coffee lattes were like candy bars to drink. They are more dessert-like but I had no complaints. I got the mocha and my mother the caramel I think.

Juice was great and everyone was very happy with it.

The cake tasting also went well. We decided on a lemon cake and it was super moist and spongy. The frosting was decadent and sweet so I am considering a fruit filling with it at this point to calm the sugar but it was so good.

My only touch of an issue was the location is a little strange, the wait for food was a bit long, and the fact that wedding cakes are not quoted easily. Its a process to get an estimate and that can be frustrating but its nice that the Chef doesnt overcharge instead. Its just a toss-up I guess. As for the staff, they are so sweet and nice. I am a fan of the cake decorator especially she is adorable :)
Absolutely amazingly awesomely delish.  A vegan feast for the palate and the eyes.  Each dish is so carefully thought out and prepared.  The creative use of spices and ingredients allow you to taste each delicate fresh item but still partake of a meld of individual flavors.  Highly recommend to the vegan and non-vegans of Vegas.
Ok. I have seriously thought and thought about if I wanted to write a review about this place. I very much respect what the owner is trying to do here. So conflicted. 

Vegas needs more places like this however when it came down to the food. It just wasn't healthy and more importantly Its taste was edible but nothing special. 

Its like a place for vegan newbies or something. I'm not even vegan but I am very much in to health food (unless its phenomenal tasting unhealthy food, haha. )

Anyway massive portion of starch, pasta, potatoes, bread ect. The salad I got only had balsamic vinegar as a dressing, not even balsamic reduction. 

Sigh....I think I will try it again but I'm not all that excited about it. 

Oh yeah and service was SLOW but this review was based on food only.
I was here for brunch not too long ago and the food was amazingly delicious. It's not in the best area of town, and a little hard to find, but when you do, it's totally worth it. 

I'm not vegan but after eating this food, I seriously considered converting. I never realized how delicious it could be. Looking forward to going back!
As a vegan visiting Las Vegas, this place is the true golden nugget. Finally a place where I can feel at home. The food is excellent and very creative. Breakfast was the bomb with twists on the traditional courtesy of Chef Mayra. If you get a chance to meet her, you will immediately notice her passion for cruelty free cuisine. 

It's not in the best neighborhood but once you step inside you'll forget all about that.  We're going for breakfast every day!  And don't forget about the yummy vegan baked goods :)
Such amazing service and really really good food! Definitely will go here every time I'm in Vegas!
Terrible service. Discriminatory service. I will never go here again. 
We went for brunch on a Saturday morning two weeks ago. We were sat at 10:50am. We waited on our server for a while before we could order at 11:05. I wanted to order an item that wasn't available until 11:30, but I was told that I could not. I told our server (whose name started with a J and contained some 'e's) that I wanted exactly the short stack with berries that was featured in a picture on the menu. "Is that the short stack?" I asked. She said, "Well, the short stack has 6 pancakes." I said, "Yes, and the picture has 6 pancakes, so it's the same, right? It comes with berries?" Server: "Sure." Me: "Ok, I want it just like the picture." Not too confident that she really knew the menu. My husband ordered a 3-course brunch meal with a wrap, soup, and salad. 
Meanwhile, another table had sat down near us. They ordered, from our same server, at 11:20-- 15 minutes after us-- and the server told them that they COULD order off of the post-11:30 menu. Wow. I could have waited 10 minutes if I'd known that was the difference... in the end, I ended up waiting over an hour for our entrees, anyway. The soup came out fairly quickly. We waited another 25 minutes for the salad. Meanwhile, the table next to us was receiving their food more quickly than ours-- brought out personally by the chef herself. The chef passed by our table and only smiled, never stopped or spoke to us. 
Our server came by again and  asked confirming our wrap order, except she asked me about it, completely forgetting that my husband ordered it, not me. Even later, she came by again and said, "Let me check on your entree order". Even later than that, she came by and said, "It should be 5 minutes, the chef said." During that time, the chef brought out a complimentary sample dish of apple dessert to the table next to us.  Then our waiter came back, 5 minutes later (when our entrees should have arrived) and brought us the same dish of apple dessert, because, in her words, "sorry for the delay; here is something that the chef is working on." 
It was only at 12:25 that we finally received our entrees. Completely inexcusable. The table next to us received theirs less than a minute after us, yet they ordered more than 15 minutes after we did. AGain, the chef brought out their entrees. They were the only table that received visits from the chef even though their server was actually our server. It seemed completely fishy to me.
After we'd finished our entrees, a different lady (working the register) came over to our table and asked if our food was ok. She must have seen that we'd been there an hour and a half. She did not offer us anything or offer to discount our meal or anything. Neither did our server. Or the chef. Instead, when we received our bill, I was charged an extra fee for adding berries on the short stack. They were not even good. And, there were only 2 rasberries, the rest were strawberries. In the picture, there were raspberries, blackberries, blueberries. 
We were planning to come back there every day that we were in LV because the desserts looked so good and we were excited about the food. The whole experience was so disgusting that we refused to return. I highly suggest that you go elsewhere for vegan food in LV. We had a fantastic experience at Komol Thai Restaurant. Delicious AND fast, friendly service.
Shame on you, Pura Vida.
If you're on the hunt for a new favorite restaurant, look no further. Within the heart of the Las Vegas Valley, nestled between long forgotten buildings, rests a sunny yellow restaurant by the name of Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro. The name literally means pure life, or plenty of life, which is appropriate as this restaurant uses all-natural ingredients and serves 100% vegan cuisine. But what really matters is how the food actually tastes, and trust me, you will not leave disappointed. From Sexy Pancakes with fresh fruit, to Jambalaya and Cuban Puff Pastries, there's something for everyone here. Pura Vida offers a wide array of vegan specials daily which makes it affordable to eat great food on a budget, while staying healthy and mindful of the planet at the same time.

Not a vegan? Have no fear! For those that are not familiar with vegan cuisine there are sampler plates available with some of the most delicious items on the menu. You can tell that every dish is made with your health in mind so you won't have to shy away from foods you normally lust after at conventional restaurants. The vegan substitutes for dairy and meat-based products used at Pura Vida are exemplary. Some would say even better than the real thing! 

The restaurant is not large by any means, but that only adds to the charm and warmth of the place, giving it a small town café sort of atmosphere. The servers are incredibly welcoming and more than happy to answer any questions you may have about the menu, and Chef Mayra comes out to greet you to make sure you're enjoying the food she's especially handcrafted for you. Regardless of your dietary restrictions, or lack thereof, I'm sure you'll find yourself head-over-heels for the compassionate cuisine and homey atmosphere served up daily at Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro!
Below is the email I sent to Pura Vida with no response...I think it says it all

A couple months ago we were informed of an event that you were having. 

When we got there, there were tables with vendors set up outside.
We walked into the cafe, because we were really excited to try the menu (being new to Vegan & Raw)
When my husband and I walked into the cafe we were greeted by a young physically pretty girl who said to us, "What are you doing here?"
We stated that we were here for the event and she said that you will have to wait outside and pointed to the door. Then turned and walked away from us to talk to another employee. We walked outside and lingered for about 15 min, no one ever came to take our name for a table and not one vendor seem to be interested in talking to anyone but each other.

Then yesterday my husband received a text telling him that he won a free lunch. When he inquired about the text, he was told that it was an error. 

I feel sorry for anyone that is new to being Vegan or RAW because your cafe does not seem to extend open arms to the general public.

You cafe reminds me of the Trend stores in the 80's on Melrose in LA and it gives you the impression that your employees think they are better than anyone else.
First off, I am no where close to being vegan. But I live nearby (although not too close --- it's a pretty shady street in town) and I like for local businesses to thrive. 

For brunch, I ordered a chocolately/carmel-no leche drink... a little bitter on the first sip, but it really grew on me.  

Their bean salsa is amazing. I was with a group, and we had all ordered combos, so they just brought us big dishes of the salsa. I could have eaten that for days...

And I had the My Love burrito ---- really delicious. Mr. L had the Latin'tude, and while it was good, neither of us like it as much as My Love. The flavors they're able to get from no butter, no bacon, and no cheese (I can't believe I'm even saying it) are just incredible.  

And I was able to check-in on Yelp for 10% off!! Thanks Pura Vida! :)
Almost a week and I have emailed them 3 times with no response. 
Don't know why I expected more.
I'm an omnivore, and brunch at Pura Vida was one of the best meals I've had in Vegas. I definitely recommend any sampler that Chef Myra puts together. We had 4 courses for 4 people for $50, and we couldn't finish it. And every course was delicious.
I truly wanted to love this place.  I would love to see more veg-friendly and all-veg restaurants in this town.  I make sure to thank the ones that I visit for thinking of us when planning out their menu.   But my experience at Pura Vida was not pleasant and I've had better vegetarian food elsewhere.

There were a good bit of customers at the restaurant when we arrived for a late Sunday brunch, but the place wasn't packed.  We were seated quickly and I started off with an apple agua fresca to drink.  It tasted like water with a splash of apple juice thrown in.  It was barely tolerable to drink.  Although a roadblock, I didn't let it get me down and still kept my hopes up for a good meal.

While looking at the menu, I noticed what another reviewer below had said: there is a lot of soy and starch.   I was honestly expecting a lot more veggies on the menu.  Well, whatever, it was brunch and I usually get starchy things anyway.  So I ordered the The Latin'Tude burrito combo meal while my husband ordered the The Dark Choco Waffle.

The wait for our food was pretty long, especially considering the place wasn't at capacity.  While waiting, we ended up noticing that the restaurant didn't look terribly clean.  The table seemed pretty dirty as well as the wall we were sitting next to.  Not a good thing to be looking at while you are waiting around for your food.

First they brought out my chips and salsa.  The chips were the absolute bottom of the bag teeny-tiny broken up bits of chips that are impossible for dipping in anything.  Being a small place, I felt bad asking for new chips and used what I had as best as I could.  The salsa that came with the chips was a "warm salsa" and tasted exactly like black bean chili to me.   It wasn't bad, but not at all what I was expecting.

For my next course I had a salad with a citrus dressing.  It was leaps and bounds better than everything else I had up until that point.  The veggies were fresh and the dressing had a nice light taste.  There were edible flowers and even some corn shoots in the salad that made it pretty to look at.

My burrito was good.  It was presented nicely and even though there were a lot of ingredients, everything blended nicely.  With all the soy and potatoes, it filled me up quickly.  I do think it could have used some more vegetables and the fake cheese wasn't really necessary at all.

My husband's chocolate waffle was good- if you like eating dessert at any hour of the day.  I was thinking it would be a waffle (crispy on the outside with a warm doughy inside) with some cocoa in the batter.  It, however, was a chocolate cake in the shape of a waffle.  Literally imagine a chocolate cake the size of a large dinner plate and you will have the consistency of this waffle.  It was super rich and had waaaaaaay too much cocoa.  To top it off, it was covered in chocolate chips and chocolate sauce (want some chocolate with your chocolate?).  He was pretty disappointed with his meal.  I took a few bites and it hurt my stomach.  This is a dessert, not a breakfast item.

After immediately leaving, I considered giving this place 3 stars since my salad and burrito were good and we had a friendly server.  But about 10 minutes after that initial thought, I started to get a really nasty stomachache with cramps.  It was around 1 or 2 in the afternoon when we got to the restaurant and it was the only thing I had eaten so far that day.  I can't imagine I could get food poisoning from a vegan restaurant, but whatever happened left me ill the rest of the day.  

Needless to say, I'll be finding vegetarian food elsewhere.
Chile Relleno = BOMB. COM

First off, let it be known that I am neither Vegan nor Vegetarian, so I'm a bit standoffish at dining in a restaurant whenever it's 100% vegetarian due to bad experiences in the past, but I have NO complaints about the food or service at Pura AT ALL. The food was VERY Delectable, Luscious & Flavorful, a great dining experience overall!. 

Will definitely be returning for breakfast or lunch in the near future.

Thanks again Chef Mayra for the Culinary Orgasmic Experience!.
lets talk about the lack of 1 star first..... what a bummer that the location was wah wah.... it was literally right by the red light district... but maybe i really shouldn't even take that as part of my rating concern?? :/

FOOD WAS CRAZY GOOD. ENOUGH SAID!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
everything here is vegan. Other than the neighborhood, the restuarant itself is actually quite cozy. The food came out a bit slow due to the fact that there was only one chef, but man, is this chef amazing or what?! I had an empenada which was probably the best empenada ive ever had. My boyfriend had a tortilla soup combo with salad which was yummy as well. I'd say go for the empenada!!!

and yes, i love this place!
This place is as fabulous as Chef Mayra promised it would be! I'd attended a couple of her cooking demos last year and when she said she'd be opening a restaurant, well, that was pretty exciting news! Even thought it opened in July, I wanted to wait until my youngest daughter could come along, so we did just that when she came for a visit for Christmas weekend.  

My middle daughter also joined us and we arrived shortly before the restaurant opened at 9 AM on Saturday. We were the first to be seated and were warmly greeted by the waitstaff. Then it came time to begin to decide what to order. Even after having perused the online menu, it was still a tough decision! But, my youngest decided to try the Latin 'Tude, while my middle daughter and I split the My Love. While we waited for our meals to arrive, the waitress took our drink order and we went with coffee - two regulars with hazelnut coconut cream and one specialty coffee with pumpkin spice flavor and I believe vanilla cream (girls, correct me if I'm wrong on any of these, please). Once our meals arrived, however, I think I can speak for all three of us in that it was absolutely delicious! There were so many wonderful flavors! 

In honor of the holiday season, we were told to please help ourselves to a hand-decorated pine cone, just as we were about to leave. :)

I'll be back to try something different, perhaps lunch, next time - but I know whatever I choose will be fantastic and I look forward to many future visits.

Thanks so much, Chef Mayra - see you again soon!
This place is definitely different from other restaurants.  It's like eating in a converted shower room. 
The service is really friendly and the prices are good.  There's a decent sized menu to pick from. 
I got a chai latte, Sandwich Break, and some garlic potato side that I can't remember the name of.
My chai latte came out almost entirely soy milk with no spice or sweetness.  I usually don't like to make a fuss about things like that, but it was really icky to me so I asked for a new one.  They were really friendly and brought another one out along with a side of extra chai in case I wanted it spicier.  It still wasn't sweet and tasty, but maybe that's just their style?  
My sandwich was amazing!!  Every bite was total perfection.  The potatoes weren't as great... I think I was expecting garlic explosion but they were a little bland.  And greasy. 
Despite the potatoes and the chai, I would come back here in an instant and try other things on the menu.
This review is long overdue as I first visited Pura Vida a few weeks after it opened to the public.

I am not vegan but I wanted to try PV because I adore Chef Mayra. I interviewed her for The Sausage Factory and my friend Derek was on her cooking show.

The restaurant is in an odd place, but close enough to my downtown office to stop by. Hopefully in the near future they'll be able to deliver because that wait for take out was LOOOOONG, despite not being busy, at all. 

I ordered the The Latin'Tude which was delicious but extremely over-priced at $10.99 and Almond Banana Smooth which was also very delicious but very expensive ($5.95) for just 16oz of smoothie.

After reading some of the reviews here I look forward to going back in the very near future. It's very rare that you find vegan or vegetarian food that satisfies your craving for ethnic flavors and Chef Mayra does a great job of making healthy food that is packed full of wonderful flavor!

I'm giving it four stars because of the wait time and because the food, while good, is crazy expensive.
I'm from LA, and went to Vegas for a friends birthday. As a new Vegan, I had to try this place. The food was great! Everyone was so friendly. They need to come to LA!! :)
My new favorite restaurant. Chef Mayra is brilliant and knows how to take care of us. Every ingredient is green and meat- and cruelty-free. I visited over the weekend with friends and we ended up going back the next day for more. The servers are cheerful and loving, it's such a friendly atmosphere that we were begging the wonderful Chef Mayra to open up a location in California, or at least to deliver that far :p It doesn't get much better than this place, because everything is completely vegan! All the satisfaction delicious food can possibly have, without discomfort or the need to take a nap after XD Simply outstanding.
This place is wonderful every time I visit! It was a bit difficult to locate the first time around, but I sure am glad I found it. The individuals working there are always very nice from the second we walk in to the second we walk out. They are also very helpful and knowledgable regarding everything on their menu.

I regularly order a Mocha-Con-No-Leche (always an excellent choice!) to begin with, I highly recommend it. Very different from any other mocha I have ever had, definitely a great, unique taste.

I also recommend the short stack; the pancakes are delicious. They have a bit of a 'spiced' taste (which grew to my liking). Or if you're in the mood for something else, their soups are absolutely scrumptious, fresh, and healthy.

I am so glad to have this restaurant to visit whenever I am in Vegas. Thank you Chef Mayra and helpers!
This place is AWESOME! 

I love that its ALL vegan and that the chef will change things up as ideas and different produce comes to her. Was my first time trying the famous Chef Myrah's cooking and I absolutely had a great time. My boyfriend ordered a vegan quesadilla and I ordered a tofu one. Both came with a yummy bean dip and hearty chips which i swallowed up. I actually like the quesadilla more than my tofu wrap ( i think the wrap needed more sauce) but overall I loved it and my non-vegan boyfriend said "this is bomb" so Definitely a place I want to come back to! Next time I will try one of those awesome Pancakes! 

the only weird part of this restaurant is its on a road that is by all the strip clubs, haha!
This place is excellent and it's the only vegan restaurant in Las Vegas. My husband and I visited from LA and had the nachos andchili cheese potatoes. We also ordered a small, gluten-free, vegan cake for our wedding and it was AMAZING. It did not have the dense sandy texture that most gluten-free cakes have. My husband loved it and he does not follow a gluten-free diet. Check this place out!
I am really glad this place exists and they clearly put effort / love into the cooking.  I really liked what I got (a poblano wrap with salad).  But there are some downsides:  (1) pretty spendy; (2) long waits (not just for food - also for water upon arrival, check, etc.); (3) the menu is befuddling; (4) the beverages were off; and (5) ll the dishes seemed pretty high-cal. For those reasons, it's not a very good workday lunch spot, which is too bad because we need more options downtown, especially healthy ones.  I will be back, on a day when I have more time for lunch or maybe for brunch
Pura Vida is my favorite Vegan Restaurant in the Country hands down. The service, food and atmosphere are phenomenal. Chef Mayra created an all vegan, organic, non-gmo menu that cannot go without mention. Las Vegas is a soul-less hole of a city and Pura Vida is literally a place of healing. Get yourself here, it's just what you need and you will want to come back.
I have been Vegan for many years, and I appreciate any place that has an all vegan restaurant, especially in tourist areas that are usually lacking. The food was very good. As far as other posts about the service, you have to realize the food is made fresh and is not processed food that can be ready in minutes. If you need faster service you need to go to the fast food chains where all you get is pre-made and processed foods. I will definatley go back when in the Vegas area. Beats all the crap food on the strip!
I have not experienced anything but the BEST food every time I go to Pura Vida. I have brought my Father, who refuses to give up meat, and my Mother, who is extremely picky, and this is the one place we can all eat without one complaint. The food is always gorgeous, but I can never get a shot of it without a bite mark because it smells awesome.
I recently tried the cafe con leche and it was the smoothest, yummiest coffee I've had in my 31 years. I don't know how she does it, but Starbucks doesn't even come close. 
Each time I have come, I have noticed that Chef Mayra takes time to come out and personally speak with her guests, first time I have ever met the person making my food which I really enjoyed. The place is tucked away, but once you find it, I promise you will remember how to get back.
Awesome comfort food that happens to be vegan! We are adding this to our list of fantastic vegan restaurants. Chef Mayra came out and visited with us, which was delightful. She is an amazing lady and has a passion for vegan food. Grilled "cheese" sandwich was gooey and yummy. My hubby couldn't get enough of the chili. Dessert was to die for no matter what you choose. We'll be back next time we're in Vegas.
This place is amazing. This is some of the most flavor I've ever had in any food, vegan or not. A friend and I got the brunch sampler, to taste a little of everything, and it was excellent. The portions were pretty big, the sampler was enough food for 3 or 4 people to eat comfortably; but, I think it was meant for only 2 people. 

I'm giving this place 5 stars because I want them to do well, but there are some minor things I would suggest they work on.
 
The menu: it's pretty confusing. A lady helped walk us through it, which confused me more than I already was. 

The location: I didn't mind driving to it at all, but the location seemed to be out of the way a little bit. The place itself felt more like a taqueria than a restaurant; which I also didn't mind, but then again I'm a young dude used to army living conditions.

The price: it cost me nearly $60 after the brunch sampler, a coffee drink, and the tip. I picked one of the pricier things on the menu, though. They had many cheaper options. Although, I'd find it hard to get out of there with two people spending less than $30. But you definitely pay for quality ingratiates and quality preparation.
I am sad that I can't give Pura a higher rating. The food was excellent and really an eye opener for how good vegan food can be, but the extremely confused staff / owner and inefficient service are serious problems they need to fix. The owner was super sweet and obviously knows her food, but not how to run a business. She wants to personally hand out menus and talk to customers before taking orders (which sounds really awesome and can be if they are not busy), but in practice she is so scattered brained that it took us 20 minutes to get menus and another 20 to order food. The waitress who took our order didn't seem to know much about the items and would randomly serve whatever table she fancied. Lots of other customers were also having bad service.

In fact the only person who looked like they knew what they were doing was a young man (teenage boy? maybe the owner's son?) who was really on top of things, but was not allowed to do anything that would help them move things faster. He could not give out menus or take orders even though he knew exactly what was going on and wanted to help.

The food, once we ordered and it arrived, however was awesome. My first experience with Vegan cheese and I was amazed. The french toast was also very light and tasty.
most delicious wrap I've ever had. The owner is an absolute doll. I've seen people complain about the slow service (in america we sometimes expect everything to be so fast paced!) but Pura Vida is just one of those places you take your time and enjoy the experience, then slowly savor every bite : )
FIrst visit to Pura Vida today, 3/28/12, after reading some Yelp reviews.  What a wonderful little gem in the heart of downtown las vegas.  Definitely not someplace a tourist might wander into, but definitely something all tourists and locals should take note of.  I'm a proud meat eating carnivore, but the vegan fare at Pura Vida is absolutely delicious.  The food is wonderful and the presentation beautiful.  I had the lentil soup and salad, my date the bagel with onions and we both shared an amazingly delicious red velvet cupcake.  Everything was gorgeous, delicious, and you really could taste the heart and soul that the chef/owner puts into the food.  The service was excellent, this is not a fast food place, but our dishes were out in no time at all.  the dessert was absolutely fabulous, negating all the healthy food we ate prior.  Well worth a visit.  Not the best neighborhood, but the quaint atmosphere made you feel like you were in an argentinian bistro or somewhere far from downtown LV.  A must see, a very enjoyable experience.
Industrial neighborhood, very little decor, slow service. But...

Phenomenal food.

Allow me to repeat: the food was unbelievable. I had the pancakes with a side order of a jug of flambe'd berries. Although I am very skeptical of vegan baking of any sort, these pancakes were phenomenal. Maybe the best I'd ever had. My husband got the breakfast wrap with sides of salsa and sour cream (not really cream) which was wonderful as well. Overall, a great experience.
great food!!!! random location, and needs some improvement in the service department (a bit slow).
The only good thing about this restaurant is that it's in an industrial area with no other businesses nearby so parking is easy and plentiful, but as a restaurant...???!!!

first, the concept behind this place is great....they support local produce/farming and supplies. I can get behind that.   But as one of my close vegan friends told me, the biggest problem with the growing number of vegan restaurants is that they tend to be run by vegans but not by business people so they do not know how to properly run a restaurant and oftentimes feel like by just existing they are somehow doing you a favor.

Simply put, waiting 2+ hours for food is unnacceptable, especially when no one alerts you to any delays and food shortages they are experiencing.  And this restaurant is very small, inside holds less than 20 people and there are outside tables for another 8.  so at full capacity it holds less than 30 people and when we were there they were not at full.

The chef had a condescending attitude towards my friends who inquired politely where the food was, and tried to somehow pass off that it's normal to wait 2+ hours for your food??!! WTF?!!

Long story short, half of our party got our food, the other half did not while we were there.  The restaurant was finishing up 2 of the orders by the time we left so they packed it up and gave it to us for free, but the ironic thing is the one person who never got any food ordered the simplest easiest quickest thing to make on the menu. Pancakes!

Speaking of the menu, when the waitress comes and says she needs to explain it, you know you're in trouble.  No menu should require explanation, that means it's too convoluted and needlessly complicated.  Personally I didnt think it needed any explanation, tho it was quite large, and maybe they would  be better served editting it down to half the items, do them well, and get it out to the tables in a timely manner.

I felt bad for the waitress since she seemed frustrated too, BUT at the same time she is the liason between our table and the kitchen, so where was she in being proactive about getting our food prepared. Also in 2+ hours she NEVER refilled our waters.  Sure we could have asked for refills, but really, at that point we really shouldnt have to ask.

As for the food itself?  Nothing great going on.  We've had much better vegan food elsewhere that employed finesse and technique and managed to be full of flavour.  Our soup was very bland and needed a lot of salt to get it edible.  Our cheesy potatoes could have been good, but the potatoes were not cooked all way thru so a bit hard.  We must have literally gotten the last half of potato since our other friends who never got their meal was because of running out of potatoes.  Our quesadilla was ok, but the basic point of a quesadilla is tortilla and melted gooey cheese inside, anything else is an afterthought.  Almost no cheese, just a bunch of veggies stuffed into a tortilla.  The grilled cheese we got was really good tho.  The vegan cheese melts and has the same texture/taste as real cheese.  Sourdough bread really good.  But a grilled cheese sandwich shouldnt take 2 hours to serve.

Even my vegan friends in town know of this restaurant's reputation and said they could have told me not to bother with Pura Vida.  I'm not their prime demographic (not vegan or veg) but it's not doing them any service when the vegan community knows to stay away.
Many fantastic vegan selections - the biggest vegan menu in the Vegas valley!

Chef Mayra is enthusiastic and passionate. She's creative and good-natured. The entire restaurant oozes with kindness.

The food is usually good, sometimes absolutely fantastic, but it can be inconsistent. 

The location is convenient for tourists on the Strip or anyone who works near there but the place is pretty small and can get rather noisy when it's busy. There is an outdoor area.

The service is a bit frenzied and sometimes orders get missed or take an extra long time. If you're in a hurry or don't have much patience, order something by phone for take out and then drive to the restaurant to pick it up.

Pura Vida is still new. I expect them to iron out some of the imperfections and improve over time. The concept is great and the food is good so they're off to an incredible start.
Well were do i begin ? our first time at pura vida and we were very happy with our food. But the service well that was not as good. Our server was polite but was disorganized and stressed. Our drinks came out the banana almond shake a berry shake and coffee mocha ice ! amazing and then my veggie soup simply delicious. We waited a long time for items but due to our server not knowing how to time food. We had a waffle and the sexy stack which i must say was sexy and delicious ! over all i would recommend this place a secluded secret !!
I found this place on Yelp after searching for vegan restuarants. I walked in and the waitress greeted me. She was very pleasant. So I will give 3 stars for customer service but the food was awful! It was definitely not worth 10.00 dollars. I got it to go but if not  I would definitely have complained. The prices are way to expensive and for the amount of food they give you, its not worth it. I was so disappointed because I heard good things about this place and I have been searching for decent vegan restuarants. I definitely would not recommend this place!
Holy sweet mother of mercy!  Can't believe how good the food is. Don't skip the soup. So many options are GF. Short stack of pancakes were oh so good and loaded with berries!  Off the strip and a bit hard to find but well worth the journey.
in a word "AMAZING!"
its so hard to find cozy, small business to support; especially restaurants...and especially vegan restaurants! we enjoy eating good, healthy, pure food and this is a wonderful place. you know the food is cooked w/ love, it's presented beautifully, and it tastes divine! i love that they use seasonal ingredients and buy from local farmers. the staff was friendly and were able to answer every question we had to offer. we'll definitely be going back here time & time again :)
Horrible location and average food, it not worth the effort trying to find it. This place is located in an industrial area downtown and looks more an abandoned shack that's deteriorating for the last 30 years than a restaurant. It was so bad that I thought it was closed until I saw people inside. So I tried it and was quit disappointed. The menu is VERY limited and they charge gourmet prices for bar quality food. Don't waste your time and money.
Best and most unique vegan eatery and only animal free kitchen in town ~ MUST try!  From pancakes to cupcakes to tea ~ Pura Vida and Chef Mayra bring the most human and creative food experience around Las Vegas.
This is a great place on Western near Charleston.  If you are Vegan, the food is awesome.  They have amazing breakfast and lunch foods.  Everything is vegan with a cuban flare, but the food does not compare to anything near it on the strip.  The plates are basically $12 to $16, but you will be taking a to go container.  This is another MUST TRY place.  They are closed on Thursdays but open all other days.  They do not serve dinner, they are only a breakfast/lunch place and I promise you will not be disapointed.  The Chef is very friendly and she will come out and check on you if you are there long enough for the rush to subside.  

She takes great pride in her food and wants to ensure your happiness as well.  If you are not happy, don't hesitate to let her know and she will do what she can to take care of.
As I stated in my Red Velvet Cafe review, I think it's essential for me to point out that I'm not Vegan, nor in my wildest or tamest dreams could I ever become Vegan.  My love for the flesh of cows, pigs and chickens rivals that of Romeo and Juliet, McAdams and Gosling, and Kim Kardashian and (insert current boyfriend here).  

In seeing the great reviews for this place here and on John Curtas' blog, I was skeptical to say the least.  Upon seeing more and more pictures of the My Love burrito though, my skepticism began to fade, enough so that I decided to call in an order.

I'd read here about the wait and their website made mention to give plenty of time for an order to be prepared, so I placed it accordingly and was told it'd be ready in 35 minutes.  The location isn't the greatest and neither is the parking lot for a parking challenged individual for myself.  The food came out from the kitchen right when I arrived (perfect timing!) and the woman running the front of the house graciously allowed me to try some of the flavored waters they had available that day.  Wasn't too crazy about any of those but got some blended tea drink they had that was tasty.

Upon getting back to the office and finally getting a chance to see the food, it looked as remarkable as the pictures I'd seen of it online.  It was one of those things that I could almost tell was going to taste amazing before even having a bite, vegan cheese notwithstanding.   The following bites confirmed this, and the medley of tofu, beans, veggies, potatoes and yes, fear in my heart striking vegan cheese tasted blissful.  I wont get into my vegan cheese exploits of the past, but this experience erased those past experiences quickly.  The My Love burrito is quite simply the best vegan meal I've ever had, and I'd put it toe to toe against most meat filled burritos I've had.

At $11, it's pricier than your average burrito, but then again this is no average burrito.
I am a vegan and got married in Las Vegas on 5-21-12. I ordered a vegan wedding cake from Chef Mayra and couldn't wait to eat at her restaurant. Now, I wish I had not done either .  I paid $420. for the cake and I was promised it would be "awesome and have fresh flowers on it" .  It was saddly lacking in taste and moistness and amount of filling and it DID NOT have fresh flowers on it!!!  Only mediocre ,too small for the cake, icing flowers!  Too bad Chef Mayra, that you did not deliver what you promised!! I wanted to create a beautiful wedding , a delicious dinner, and a yummy cake for ourselves and our guests.  The wedding and the dinner were a huge success,thankfully but the cake was a flop. It is very sad to me that I did NOT get WHAT I WAS PROMISED!!!!! It was supposed to be a strawberry filling.... it had such a tiny amount of filling you could hardly taste the strawberries or the filling. Eating at the restaurant Pura Vida was not much better. The hard to get to dumpy part of town would have been okay ,had the food been good but here again it was not that good. On a scale of 1-10 .....10 being the best I would give it a 2 at the most!!!!!  That is for the restaurant....The cake was not even a 1 .
OK, so let me start by saying that I have been looking for something like Candle Cafe in NYC (one of my all time favorite dining establishments anywhere) or Source in San Francisco here in Las Vegas. In two years I had not found anything until now.
Pura Vida does a lot well, and a few things not so well. That being said, I can imagine going back there many times.
What was good: 1) I believe the staff genuinely cares about the food, the cleanliness, and that they understand how important food is. They use great ingredients, treat them well, and I felt good about what I was eating there in every way. And today, in a world where most food comes from Sysco in all restaurants from the low to high end, where most everything is factory farmed, and is part of a system that is toxic from start to finish, finding an establishment like this is a REAL gem. What was also good; the quesadillas, the salsa, the burrito, the rooibos tea and the FANTASTIC chocolate chip peanut butter cookies.  We are going to go back and try more of the menu. 
What was not as good. It was slow, too slow for me. They are understandably still working with the challenges that surround serving fresh organic and raw food that has no preservatives. They could also use an expediter to make sure the customers' experience is better. People do not like to wait too long, even in Las Vegas.
Chef T was awesome, Cynthia Jean was awesome, and I can not wait to go back. If they can make the experience a little bit crisper, and if the recipes for the other dishes are as good as what I had today, I will update this to a five star review.
Husband and I came here after finding many good reviews online. We were in town for a wedding and being vegan, I knew our dining options were limited. We dined here on Saturday AND Sunday morning. So delicious and super fresh.

Saturday: I had 'The Latin'Tude" breakfast burrito and my husband had "My Love". We were barely able to finish everything! It was a very wonderful and savory breakfast. I also had an iced coffee (i forget what it was called, but just regular, no flavor) and it was delicious. We split a Chocolate Banana Dream smoothie with almond milk. I was then rolled out the door. 

Sunday: I had "Tha' Waffle" and it was a monster waffle covered in gorgeous fresh berries and served with a very tasty maple syrup on the side. My husband cant remember what he had, but it had the name "George" in it and was also offered gluten free (although he didn't have it gluten free). Had another Chocolate Banana Dream. 

Both days, Chef Mayra came around the dining room and checked on everyone and talked with us. I rarely get that in any restaurant. This food, by far, is the best vegan food I have had in a restaurant. Everything was so fresh and beautifully presented. Our orders took a little while to make it to the table, but for how amazing the food is, the wait was definitely worth it. Fresh food takes time. If you don't have time, i'm sure there are many McDonaldses in the area.
I love this Place first because its 100% vegan 100% of the time. Then because Chef Mayra is an amazing chef and person. She cares for her costumers as if you are family. she will prepare food for you to your personal needs. The staff is wonderful and the food is always yummy. The brownie is ridiculous nom nom nom. My husband and I love the Brunch. They cook it to order so be prepared to spend sometime there. Order an infused water or beautiful tea, relax and enjoy.
I would give them a zero if I could.  I actually left before eating because there were about 100 flies inside the restaurant.  I am Vegan and don't want to even hurt the flies but keep the door closed and the trash out back covered.  Peace.
Excellent!! Will come again! I am so over joyed about finding good healthy food!
My boyfriend and I decided to check this place out while we were in Las Vegas for the weekend. The menu looked good, so I was pretty excited about eating here. 
We had to wait a little while for a table (maybe 15-20 minutes), which was no big deal. But then, it took 30 minutes for us to get coffee (also, you can't just order a coffee; you have to get a foofy, sugary espresso drink) and over an hour for all of our food to arrive. There were only about 10 tables in the whole restaurant and at least 5 employees working, so I can't see any reason that it should take that long. When the people sitting beside us asked about their food (they had received half of their food and waited 30-40 minutes for the rest, which never came), the owner gave them a condescending and long-winded speech about how she "refuses to have" industrial kitchen equipment and that they "should know" that her food comes out slowly. She even argued with them when they (very reasonably and politely) asked her not to charge them for food they didn't receive. She also talked about how she "refuses" to prepare food in advance-- including mixing batter or cutting vegetables. While I appreciate the sentiment of all of this, it is totally impractical. I get small-batch food prep, but there is absolutely no reason for a breakfast joint not to have, like, a waffle maker that can make more than 1 waffle at a time. I don't mind waiting a bit for good food, but 1-2 hours is ridiculous, especially when it doesn't even come out at the same (or even close to the same) time.
The food was pretty good, but it was really expensive for the portion size.
This is a place that is run by a woman on a high horse who has no idea how to operate a business. 
I will say that, aside from the owner, the staff are very, very nice. They work hard and are very kind/polite, but they are stuck working for a very poorly-run business.
Very impressed with the wide range of dishes Chef Mayra offers while staying vegan and tasty.  Loved the fresh fruit bowl and nice drinks as well.
This place is ridiculous and Chef Mayra is insane! I come here often when I need to cleanse my body from all the abuse and punishment, but also when I want to go to place which makes no sense! It's probably the worst location of any business in town, is horribly slow, has a menu written in nonsense, and they constantly try to up sell you on everything! That being said, it is some of the healthiest, most delicious food in all of Las Vegas. The Salads are amazing, filled with locally grown herbs and the Salad dressing is the best! Really you can't go wrong with most items, however, I would advise you to stay away from the coffee as it is watery crap in a cup. They serve large portions! So be hungry and leave stuffed, but don't worry about the guilt that comes with normal gluttony! Eat the Chocolate Pancakes or the puff pastries for a couple other slam dunk options! This is the second best Vegan place to eat, just behind Komol! Chef Mayra is insane, but she we will win your heart with her passion and food!
I loved Pura Vida the food was great and the atmosphere was very welcoming. They have outstanding vegan food that the whole family can enjoy.
Great  organic vegan restaurant!   Grill cheese and tha  Frenchie are awesome. Chef Mayra is super friendly, talks to every guest and knows about food.  Seasonal variety  on the menu, I have tried almost  every idem and its great. I go for lunch and after that I don't have dinner. LGBT friendly, beautiful flowers on the tables. Our server was Mason and he was great. The best Vegan place in Nevada.
-bob
This tasty restaurant is in the middle of nowhere but was well worth the trip.  The restaurant is extremely small but full of eclectic decor.  Their staff was really personable and friendly.  I had their Latin Tude burrito which was AMAZING!!!!  The reason I gave this place only 4 stars is because it took them 40 minutes for them to make my burrito.  Also, they charged me an additional $2 because I requested more chips for my chips and salsa which I thought was absurd.  Especially, since they only gave me 8-10 broken chips for an entire order of chips and salsa in the first place.  In the end, it was all worth it in the end because the food was delicious!!!!
Went on weekday - around 11:30 am.

The Good:
1) Once the greeter/server realized I was a first-timer, she gave a brief overview of the drink and food menu.
2) I ordered the Puffs (like large empanadas but pastry is more like a turnover e.g. lighter, puffier, thus the name) with a side of chili. Server meant to tell me there is no chili (other choices soup or salad, but no soup, so salad was the only choice) with apologies. I really wanted to try the chili. She suggested that I order the side dish of chili potatoes ($5), that way, I could try the chili that way. I did, and still ordered the Puffs (stuffed with vegan items, soy meat, cheese and spices). Two large puffs ($10). The portions were big, and I had planned to take leftovers with me. Either I was hungrier than I thought, or it was so good I couldn't stop eating - it was the latter. I left absolutely full with vegan yummy comfort food.
3) I did not have to wait for a table (it did fill up around 12:15), my food was promptly delivered, and my water glass was promptly filled (when I asked and other times when I didn't).

The Bad: 
1) Difficult to spot on Western Ave. - passed right by it (signage only on building) - good thing I had the address so, did a u-turn. 
2) Parking lot is small (went on a weekday - other nearby businesses open - so could not park in their lots). 
3) They use a spray bottle to clean tables. When they cleaned the table next to mine (close quarters BTW, it's a small restaurant with maybe 8-9 small tables), I was concerned about "the spray" hitting my food. Luckily, Chef Mayra sprayed into cloth and wiped table (other workers did not do this during my meal, but those tables were a further away). However, I did smell the cleaner though, kinda like chlorine, not pleasant when you are eating.

Overall, the food will keep me coming back.
I can't express in words how much I adore this place. I live in New York and was in Vegas visiting my best friend. Being that I'm vegan and she's not, it was important to her that I felt accomodated while I was there- and let me tell you she loved this place as much as I did! In the course of 9 days, we ate here 3 times!

I still salivate over the Sunday brunch chocolate waffle I practically licked the plate of and also the short stack of chocolate pancakes- both of which completely hit the spot for my craving of real breakfast food. While initially the service was slow, the waitress was super friendly and the place was packed (everytime we were there). My friend enjoyed the McNeil bagel with Daiya cheese a little too much but when I  finally ate it, I too understood why she wouldn't stop talk ing about it.

Chef Myra is involved in every aspect of the resturant from start to finish and is super chatty with the customers. I can't wait to go back to see my best friend but most importantly to eat here!!! I no joke think about the chocolate waffles and pancakes every week. Please don't be scared that this is "VEGAN", you would never know it because it's simply ahamazing!
I'm not a vegan, but I am a "plant based" eater and am always glad when there are new places that serve up organic eats. This isn't my first foray into Chef Mayras food as she's catered a Yelp party prior which gave me hopes for something spicy, zesty and flavor filled for brunch.

David S. and I came before volunteering at Three Square and shared the large portions. We've both wanted to come on a weekday when it wasn't so busy. I think what we had was very meat eater friendly and hearty. Unless your family eats only meat, it's good brunch eats for any person. 

Sexy Shortstack - we added blueberries (+$1) into the pancakes and it came with bananas on it (I guess on weekends it gets fancier with fruit medley and an extra pancake...Don't get why toned down on weekdays?). Vegan or not, these are some of the yummiest I've had. I like very light and fluffy cakes and not enough places serve good syrup that compliments and not overpower into a saccharine coma. I always share sweet breakfast foods since it often is too much sweet, but I can see myself actually ordering this and being able to eat it with maybe a side of sausage. 

My Love Burritos were spicy, zesty, and flavor filled like I was hoping for. The two burritos were perfect for sharing and there was all kinds of spiraled veggies garnished but I ate those too....maybe that could be like a "salad" with some dressing on it? I like that the tortilla was grilled....I always get disappointed with sandwich wraps around town that just hand you a cold tortilla. This was filling indeed so it could be for a big man appetite to go at it alone. 

Of course, keep in mind this isn't fast food. Everything is fresh made and did take a while.It wasn't completely packed but there was a constant flow of people.. probably was 15 minutes for our pancakes then another 10 for our burritos to come. I thought that isn't unreasonable. The staff was nice and our server was friendly, attentive, service with a smile. 

The reason why I haven't been, even when my BF and I were eating 100% plant based is the times. It really sucks being night people and these breakfast places are closed before we even wake on weekends. 2pm Saturdays seems too limited for a city like ours...and it's also closed Sundays.  It'll probably be a while before I can come back, but not because I don't want to.
If you want a meal prepared by someone who is passionate about food come here. If you are in a hurry it may not be the best option. Slow down and take the time to enjoy this place. It's not amazing vegan food, it's amazing food period. Friendly and genuine staff. Yum
Chef Mayra is amazing!!! The food was excellent and the service even better, I can't wait to come back.
I had the vegan sausage with the tofu scramble, it was delicious! Lots of flavour. I went with non vegan friends who "hate tofu" but even they fell in love.
Portions are large! So I had plenty to take home.
Pura Vida was a great experience. The food was flavorful and well presented. Chef Mayra takes her time to give you her best. There are no microwaves in the back  so everything is prepared on the spot. 

Pura Vida is a cozy restaurant with friendly staff.  The prices may seem a bit expensive for pancakes and eggs, but you must factor in that the majority of the menu is gluten free or whole wheat, organic and vegan/vegetarian dishes which increase the cost of basic ingredients. 

Do not go to Pura Vida if you are short on time. Chef Mayra's passion for cooking is evident in the meals she prepares. So take your time and enjoy the Good Life!
I'm not vegan but they are trying to turn me over! lol I came with my vegan friend and figured I'd try it out.
I did like the food, the chili potatos was good and so was the bean dip and chips. This place is tucked away in a random spot you would never expect it.  The chef was very kind and came out and talked to every customer.
Real home cooked style with "soul" - as chef Mayra would say.
Yuck. 
We just spent the weekend eating at vegas buffets so wanted to get back to our vegetarian ways. This place was highly rated so figured we would try it. It is in a weird location, industrial area. Small place, stuffy inside. The waitress is overly friendly. She called me sweety and touched my shoulder, got into my personal space too many times. She argued with the cook about what table number we were over us. Yes over us, one on one side of us, the other on the other side. The food took forever. Their 'coffee' was disgusting. It was sickly sweet and tasted like some kind of chocolately cinnamon goo. And I didnt even order the mocha one. 
Our food was weird. I have eaten at several vegan places and liked the food. This was just super strange combinations of ingredients that dont compliment each other. And it was really expensive for what it was. I went to the bathroom, scary bathroom! And then when I came back from the bathroom, there was the server in my personal space again. I just didnt enjoy anything about the place, and it made me nauseous. This is the highest rated vegan place in vegas, Sooo glad I only visit the area instead of live here.
Best restaurant period, let alone vegan restaurant, in Vegas.  The food is impeccable, fresh, flavorful, beautifully presented, & the chef only uses local produce that is in season. Wonderful, friendly staff, & the chef is warm, charming & funny!  The 'my love' burrito & breakfast pastry puffs are a must try. The chefs signature bean salsa and chili are also must try staples. The chef is always switching the desserts weekly, & I've never tried one that didn't blow my mind.
The drinks were delicious and some of the food was good and some was just ok. Unfortunately the servers were very talkative although nice. One however was very pushy and trying to get us to buy more on the menu. It was like a sales pitch. Very annoying!!! You almost can't have a good conversation because the servers are always there talking or selling you something.
amazing vegan food! i had the puff pastry with tofu scramble, vegan sausage, onions, peppers. the puff pastry was topped with a garlic "cheese" sauce...so yummy! i also had the mocha which had some of the best tasting chocolate sauce i've ever had.

my friend had the wow! meal and a regular coffee and dug his food, too. 

they had a chocolate pudding pie with an almond biscotti crust that i was eyeing, too, but i was so full i couldn't manage it. le sigh..

highly recommend! you won't be disappointed!
Holy. Crap. If you'd have told me I was going to eat vegan food and not just like, but LOVE it, I'd have laughed in your face and said something like "Oh, you," while walking away shaking my head amusedly. I mean, I'm a card-carrying carnivore, and there's no way vegan "meat" or "cheese" could ever satisfy like the real thing, right? While the vegan versions might not be exact matches, Chef Mayra proved to me that they can also be enjoyable.

I had the bean salsa to start, because the meal I ordered didn't include beans, and I was craving them. The description for the salsa online says "A meal by itself made with pinto beans, black beans, chunky tomatoes, vegan cheese, refried beans, lime cilantro, avocado in season & Chef's spices. Served with chips." I definitely could have eaten it as a meal by itself. It was also super frickin delicious (if you like beans).

I can't find the entry online for what I got as my main course, but it was some kind of puff pastry smothered in "nacho cheese" sauce with a filling similar to that of The Latin'Tude burrito (black beans, refried beans, soyriso, tofu scrambles, vegan cheese, avocado, veggies, onions, garlic, cilantro, tomatoes, roasted organic potatoes with poblano peppers), minus the beans. SO GOOD. I was so surprised I liked it as much as I did that I forgot to take note of exactly what it was. To drink I had the Cafe No Leche, which uses a blend of soy and coconut milk instead of cow's milk. I'm not a fan of soy milk, but the coconut milk gave it an amazing flavor and an awesome frothy top.

The meal definitely wasn't cheap -- my total bill plus tax & tip came to around $30. That's a lot more than I'd usually spend on one meal just for myself. However, I was able to take home half of the starter and the main dish so I could make a second meal out of them later on.

I'll definitely be going back and bringing some people to share with. Chef Mayra -- a complete honest, down-to-earth sweetheart of a woman -- and her food have won me over. (Forgot to mention the place is also adorable on the inside!)
Pura Vida is amazing and Chef Mayra is lovely. 

I called for take-out and got "Tha Frenchie" while my friend got the "Pura Vida Empanadas", it was so good (my food and what my friend ordered.. I ate about half of his haha); there was a ton of food so, unless you're feeling gluttonous or just can't help yourself, you'll have leftovers. In addition to delicious food, the customer service is fabulous and the lady who took my order, Sande, was great, she gave me the eta of my food and called when it was done early. 

It's just a bit off the freeway and well worth going to, even if you have to drive some, the prices are reasonable, and it's 100% vegan! A few people have complained about the wait, but if you want to be in and out quicker, call ahead (the website recommends it), running a restaurant is hard, as is making fresh and delicious food, I say it's worth the wait, just come with friends and have a nice conversation.

So nice to have a truly vegan place, I wish they were closer and open more, but it's probably a good thing, I'd eat my weight in their yummy food every day given the chance.

Give this place a shot, you'll love it. :)
On the day of Black Friday, after an extremely long and fruitful shopping at the North Las Vegas Premium Outlets, mom and I were so famished that we decided to just hit any nearby restaurant that's open. Luckily yelp stepped in, and we found ourselves at a vegan joint.

The place was a little off the track so pay attention to the signs or you might miss it. The place was quite small as well, with six tables inside and two outside. However, it has a very welcoming feel and the waitress was extremely friendly.

Their menu selection wasn't that big, and price can be leaning towards expensive, however, considering they are a vegan place and lots of the ingredients are more expensive to start off with, I'd say it's reasonable and expected. Gluten free is available to order for some of the dishes, but it does require advance notice.

Once we were sat, the waitress informed us that the chef cooks by the order, which means long wait time, especially if you have a bigger crowd in front of you. While it can be inconvenient and different from the normal restaurant, I find this refreshing. Just be prepared  for the wait, and don't come with a hungry stomach.

Tried the Wow Pastry and the Chocolate pancake with boysenberry syrup. We did have to wait for close to half an hour for the food. Mom was so tired from the shopping that she dozed off while waiting.

When the waitress bring out the chocolate pancake, I can smell the aroma from miles away. If this is a drug, I'd die a happy little death just by inhaling the wonderful aroma. Every bite of the pancake filled my mouth of chocolate, yet flavor wise it's not overwhelming at all. Coupled with the piping hot boysenberry syrup, I think I found myself a dessert heaven.

Mom's WOW Pastry came out piping hot, and was decorated with fresh and edible flowers. The puff was so crispy, yet so light, the filling was mostly the scrambled tofu filled with all different spices. One bite and I was transported to an exotic country dining with the royals. Ok, that might be a little too much exaggeration, but trust me when i tell you, the WOW Pastry was SO GOOD that I wish I live in Vegas instead of just visiting for the weekend.

Pura Vida is a wonderful restaurant with extremely tasty, yet healthy food. The only reason I didn't give them a five star is because I wish they can get better than better with local support. Upon leaving, the waitress informed me that you can now call ahead and order your food, and it'll be ready when you arrive to dine in the restaurant! I guess it's their way to work around the long cooking time.

Check this place out if you are in Vegas! Even if you are a meat lover, you'll find this vegan joint very refreshing. And who says you can't have some vegetables in between the meat?
The food might be vegan...but it is for everyone! Made with love and passion, the food is sinfully delicious.  The wait can be long at times, always worth it. Tons of food, great for sharing. I love the Sassy No Tuna Melt. Amazing and messy. Weekend breakfasts can be alarmingly huge, so bring your appetite. Made from scratch and made to order.  The staff will tell you what the realistic wait times are, don't be afraid to ask. I call ahead for lunch so the order will be ready when I arrive, this saves time for the shorter lunch breaks.  Definitely a one of kind, out of the way, destination location with lots of personality and charm.
First I will say that the food was very good,  However I feel like this restaurant has some fundamental issues that need to be addressed.  

1.  I feel like the price is too high.  We paid $65(before tip) for 3 adults for breakfast, which I think is a bit high.  I get that it is a niche market so I can sort of forgive the price a little bit.  A basic cup of black coffee is $4 which seems pretty high to me.  I also did not appreciate the way that the waitress kept urging me to order additional food for my not even 2 year old who we generally share our plate with.  She kept urging us and saying I'm sure the baby would like this or want this and I didn't appreciate that at all.  The waitress urged all of us to order additional food and get things we didn't ask for.  

2.  We were the only ones eating at 10am and were told that food would be approximately 40 minutes to come out.  I don't have 2 hours to spend eating breakfast.  As I said before I have a 2 year old who simply can't sit still that long.   The  waitress was at least helpful in helping us choose items that might come out more quickly.  

3.The location is in an industrial area which is probably why they seem so desperate to sell you up on whatever you purchase.  There is absolutely no foot traffic in this area,  Perhaps if they had a better location they might do a little less upselling etc. 

I don't see my family returning any time soon,  If you have a couple hours to kill the food is great though.
This place is the absolute best food in Las Vegas! Everything is vegan so need to worry what you can and can't eat for anyone who doesn't eat animal products. But unlike many vegan restaurants with food that you would rather not eat then have to eat a substitute.. ALL the food is great. I got chocolate pancakes with chocolate sauce and bananas and strawberries, home made juice, and potato wedges with a cheese sauce. Not only does the food taste non-vegan, the prices are great, the atmosphere is awesome and the cook herself came out and chatted with us for a while and she is awesome! Also added bonus, I saw on the wall that the cafe had adopted some turkeys from a shelter, awesome!
What a unique cafe...

Unless you've been here before, you don't know why. But it's true. Unique is the best word to describe it. So here's the rundown:

- 100% vegan (animal-free)
- 100% cruelty-free kitchen
- All gluten-free options are prepared separately in their gluten-free kitchen area. So awesome!!!
- GMO free, organic, & fair trade whenever available 

I know you meat-lovers & non-vegans out there are thinking. How can this food be delicious? It is. Trust me. In my quest for better health & attempt to be vegan (ok, I'm probably vegan 95% of the time, I can't lay off dairy! Err!) I am saddened by the fact that Pura Vida is not in my neighborhood. Far from it, but I still attempt to come whenever I can.

What's on their menu? Waffles, French toast, pancakes, scrambles. Their newest items this week: PB + Banana + Chocolate + Raspberry Mini Pancakes. Or Cinnamon Walnut French Toast. In the mood for lunch? You can have sandwiches, quesadillas, create-your-own wraps, chili, & empanadas. They make daily bakery items, chocolate cakes, muffins, etc. I tried their chili, empanadas, & one of their gluten-free Latin'tude (posted pics). Yum :)

Pros:

Service - incredible. Their servers are very knowledgeable about the menu & will try to accommodate any dietary requests or allergies. Very friendly & helpful.

Yumminess - I love the efforts they make to provide great tasting food, using organic whenever possible. They prove that you don't need to eat any animal products to have a fulfilling meal. 

Portions - huge! Took home leftovers every time!

Cons:

Location - not the most convenient wholesome neighborhood. I think Cheetah's is right down the street. I'm glad I'm here during daylight hours.

Timeliness - this isn't fast food. It's good wholesome food made to order. They ask customers to give them 40 minutes for take-out orders, and it seems to be the same when you eat there. That's why they urge you to call in ahead of time. You could even call a day before (I can imagine most people can't plan that well like me, but I love that they offer the option) They will reserve a seat for you if you give them notice. They did for me, table for one.

Price - good ingredients comes at a cost. Most complete meals are $11-18. I'm more than happy to pay for quality, but I understand some people want to spend less on breakfast or lunch. The portions are well worth your money, in my opinion. One dish has always lasted me for two sittings or more. And I don't know about you, but knowing you're eating a great healthy meal, feeling good about what you ate is worth the extra dollars. 

Consistency - availability changes daily. So do the specials. The gluten-free chocolate cake you got one day is not there the next time you visit. Bakery items sell out fast. They've informed me though that anything can be available if you call. You want vegan pumpkin pie? I called a couple days before Thanksgiving & they made it. Plus, she'll prepare it to any dietary specifications you want. 

Planning my next return to Pura Vida. Soon!
Best meal I've had in Vegas ... Freshly prepared soup with local veggies and an amazing tofu scramble wrap.  Perfect flavors ... Really impressed with this place!
this place is awesome... it's the first all VEGAN restaurant that I've been to.  Everything in this restaurant is 100% animal free, gluten free, GMO free, and organic.  The food is delicious.  It has just enough sweetness to it to satisfy your sweet tooth, but it doesn't feel heavy in your stomach.  
I have been here about 3 times now and tried like 5 different dishes...tha waffle, empanadas, grilled cheese, puff pastry (my favorite), and another which i forgot the name, but it's so big.. it's really for two people.  It comes with potatoes, empanadas, pancakes, and sausage. 
The owner who is also the chef is very nice and will come out to talk to you.  She's very passionate about veganism.  I've been a vegan for about 3 months now and she has inspired me to do it even longer. 
Just a precaution... sometimes the wait can be an hour.  It's recommended that you call in your order if you don't want to wait.  I don't mind the wait.  My friends and I just chat while we wait. 
I also took people who love to eat meat and they said that this place is awesome and would love to come back.  So it's a great place to introduce friends to a more vegan lifestyle. Vegan food can be healthy and taste great!!
The absolute best vegan cuisine I have tasted through my travels across the country. And that's no exaggeration!
A gem of a place especially for visiting vegetarians looking to get off the strip. Enjoyed the flavorful tofu scramble and the "cheesy" potatoes. Very friendly service and delicious cafe.
Disclaimer: I am not a vegetarian or vegan. I love meat and I cannot deny my usual distaste for vegan eateries because of my experience with foods that lack of flavor and have strange textures. Having said that, the meal I had at Pure Vida today was one of the best and freshest lunches I have had in a long, long time!

I read through their menu and website prior to arriving, so I was well aware that everything is prepared fresh and can take 30-45 minutes to prepare. No problem for me, because I enjoy long and quiet lunches. When I walked in, Cindy directed me to a table and gave me an abundance of information as well as about 5 different menus that had specials and drinks and other specials and lunch and breakfast and dessert, etc. 

I immediately ordered a lime-mint blended essential oils water ($3: NOTE: they no longer offer free refills as of Jan 13, 2013). It is free of sugar and home made and unbelievably refreshing! For food, I settled on the lunch special (a little pricey at $14.99, but it came with so much food that I cannot complain at all!) and chose a salad with creamy garlic dressing and the "My Love" burrito. The "salad" was a GIGANTIC plate of fresh veggies including spinach, sprouts, broccoli, cauliflower, cucumber, etc. and the dressing came on the side, which was great. 

About 20 minutes later (it wasn't very crowded), my burrito was served: sun dried tomatoes, cuban black beans, vegan cheese, spinach, roasted garlic potatoes, avocado, chipotle peppers. Let me tell you, it was one of the best burritos I have ever had (AND I LOVE MEAT, AND IT CONTAINED NO MEAT!). There was a little kick to it, but nothing that made my mouth burn or detracted from the wonderful flavors of the fresh veggies and toasted tortilla. 

If you aren't a vegetarian or vegan, who cares? Support this little gem because it supports chemical free, organic, healthy dining options that do NOT skimp in flavor or portion size. Absolutely wonderful. The ambiance is also very relaxing and peaceful. Cindy, my waitress, was extremely helpful and friendly and made me feel like we were old friends. She even gave me a sample of one of their apple cookies and made some recommendations for my next visit (which will likely be tomorrow, lol). 

I cannot recommend this place enough. It is my new favorite lunch spot!
I love meat!!!!  But I love this restaurant more!  Amazing local seasonal menu items!  I also like the people who come here to dine
Let me start off by saying I really thought the food was great... fantastic food. But, like everyone else I can't get over this restraints inability to successfully run a "Restaurant". This seems like a perfect Restaurant Impossible episode. The food itself is a bit overpriced and being from California where the vegan food is more abundant, prices aren't this high. $17 dollars for a puff pastry plate (that's the price that I remember... could be wrong) it was really high in my opinion. There's nothing wrong with not knowing how to run a restaurant but this is why we hire bookkeeper's and watch finances closely. This place could be huge but fails because of their business model. Now, let me walk you through my experience at the restaurant... Walked in with my boyfriend and upon sitting down was told that the wait would be an hour and a half. Being the stubborn person I can be sometimes I insisted that we just wait since we drove out there. The wait ended up being about 40 minutes (not too bad). The waitress seemed jittery and grateful we stayed... something about it was off putting though. Revamping the restaurant and simplifying the menu (knocking down the prices a bit too : ] ) and this restaurant could flourish. It also made me a bit upset that they recommended that we call next time so they can save us a table but it shouldn't be like that. I come to Vegas often buuuut I probably won't be back here.
First of all, this is a generous 1 star only because there is no option for no stars.

I have nothing to say about Pura Vida's food because we never got to try it since this supposed community-friendly small business would not serve us at 1:45 because their clock said 1:50 when their hours clearly state they close at 2 pm.

Here's the story... my vegan friend is visiting so i bought the Groupon deal. On Saturday we planned to go for lunch and thankfully we called first and they said they close at 2. So on Sunday we tried to look at their menu online and were going to call in an order to pickup but their site had a bandwidth error message and so we could not see the menu.  As of right now you still can't see their website.

So we drove all the way across town and arrived at 1:45. As soon as we walked in the woman called out while we were still standing in the doorway that they were closed with an obvious grateful tone to turn us away. We tried to explain that we had tried to come for two days and it was a special treat for my vegan friend. She carelessly dismissed everything we said saying that they take the last order at 1:45 and that it is "the policy of the kitchen because the food takes so long." We practically begged to be served by this place and the woman had no care in the world.  I wanted to talk to someone else in charge but then I thought why bother this woman obviously doesn't want our business. So, I told her I would NEVER come back and she is very bad for business. Of course she couldn't care less. As we left I was further annoyed as I noticed a flashing open sign in the window. UGH!

Between my friend and I we have lived and worked in the service industry in Las Vegas, Miami, LA and Portland and have never experienced a small business having such audacity to turn away wold be happy customers. It was such a bad business move in these modern times of such high competition among businesses and the great opportunity for online reviews and word-of-mouth. Shame on you, Pura Vida.

It seems this place has good reviews and good food, but we will never know since we refuse to go back. We are all in favor of supporting local businesses, I am a Las Vegas native. In Las Vegas where the competition against big corporations is so great. We should all be supporting our community establishments, but when they make it clear they do not need our business what are we to do? Dominos pizza got our money today, again, Pura Vida, shame on you.

We will be refunding our Groupon and telling everyone we know to not bother going to Pura Vida before 1:45 pm, or ever.
We ate at Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro by Chef Mayra - today, and it was absolutely wonderful. The service was very welcoming, the food was delicious, and interesting.
What a delightful experience. This is NOT a fast-food restaurant, so don't expect your food fast, but the atmosphere was warm, casual & relaxing, and we, my husband and I, had a good time and a healthy hearty brunch. This restaurant, even at this unusual location, is a must-try......enjoy
The boyfriend and I decided to try this place after seeing a groupon and the good yelp reviews. We are NOT, in any way, vegan. We just like yummy food. This place is a little bit out of the way, and it's very small. I noticed everything was a little pricey and our groupon was only good for $30...crap.. 

I ordered the chili and empanadas and he ordered the WOW puff. It took about 45 minutes for the food to come out even though we were the only ones there. The empanadas were nice and flaky but the WOW puff..definitely WOW. The waitress was very friendly, but since we were the only ones there, she kept talking to us throughout our whole meal. We still had to pay another $20 or $25 even after the groupon was applied. Its a little pricey especially since we only got two dishes, no drinks or apps.

The food was very good, but i think this restaurant would be so much better if they chose a better location and if the prices were a little bit lower.
The food is okay I have had better Vegan food but for now this one was close to my house and I though well I have a groupon, why not. The woman chef needs to learn how to control her temper or to go outside and yell. She gets flustered very quickly, and yelling to your employee how someone is now going to have to wait 45 minutes in front of every one in the small restaurant is not very appealing. I was told my meal was going to take 30-45 minutes, okay cool first time there, thought well maybe they were out of their element today. I came in 12 minutes early (i was told um sorry you are 12 minutes early) and the woman chef flipped. They need to get their act together if they want business. 45 minute waits is only going to turn people away. I hope their rent is cheap.
I would love to give Pura Vida 5 stars but taking some issues into consideration that people would likely find important definitely knock it down a bit.  How much the rating should suffer would depend on your priorities.  I would give it 3.5 if possible because despite the issues, I still eat here.

First I would like to say that the food is excellent.  Chef Mayra does a wonderful job bringing a fully vegan menu with tons of flavor to Las Vegas.  The price is hefty but not when considering the quality of ingredients, freshness, and LARGE portion size.  I've had both breakfast and lunch here and neither disappoint.

This place has a wonderful concept of cruelty free dining but there are flaws in the execution.  The menus (yes, you may be given as many as 4 different ones) are confusing and it takes the wait staff an excessively long time to explain everything.  It also seems that Chef either cannot afford or does not allow anyone else to be doing cook/prep in the kitchen.  Meaning that even though the place is tiny, if it is full (which is likely at meal times) you could easily wait an hour+ for your food.  I have had smoothies and other drinks fail to be delivered because Chef was too busy.  If you can't trust anyone else on your staff to make a coffee drink then you either are way too controlling or you need a new staff.  ***Please watch a few episodes of Kitchen Nightmares and take the advise to heart!***

There is so much potential for greatness here.  I think with some consultation on how to more efficiently run things, I would be more than happy to award Pura Vida the full 5 stars.
I got fooled by Yelp reviews!

My boyfriend, his mom, and I had not only the WORST experience at this restaurant, but also the most UNCOMFORTABLE experience!

We decided to dine here for breakfast when we saw the great reviews and noticed that the location was walking distance away from the outlet. We took a taxi from our hotel and arrived to the restaurant at 9:20 AM on Saturday. The restaurant looked closed. My boyfriend tried the door and it was locked. I decided to be resourceful and call the restaurant to see if they were open. (I wish I never made this call! We should've left and eaten elsewhere!) They answered and said they were open and had forgotten to unlock the doors.

The restaurant looked dirty (typical whole-in-the-wall type of place). We were seated and menus were distributed. When we rummaged through 3 different menus, we were horrified at how haphazardly the items were placed and completely confused on how to even order. To make matters worst, the server tried to explain the menu to us - even more OVERWHELMING and EXHAUSTING! Items that had fruits and avocados listed will now only come with bananas since avocados and other fruits were "not in season" for the restaurant. Some items would take over 45 minutes and other items you can't even order unless you made a reservation ahead of time.

Crap, we're stuck here. The taxi driver already left. So we decided to order a WOW, french toast with a side of WOW, and Tha' Waffle. However, we asked for the WOW to be made without potatoes (my boyfriend's mom is severely allergic). The server was completely confused on how to place the order. Apparently, the cook can't make that dish without the potatoes. So she suggested to order the items that come on that plate as a la carte. Fine, we ordered as a la carte. We were tired of looking at that puzzling menu.

15 minutes later the "Chef" decides to come talk to us about how the WOW plate would be prepared. (Wait, she didn't even start on the food yet?) She said she wouldn't be replacing the potatoes for something else since the potatoes are the bed of the plate and everything else goes on top, but rather she would be removing the potatoes and adding extra bit of this and that. So she was trying to UP-SELL us because my boyfriend's mom is allergic to potatoes? My boyfriend had to clarify to her that we are not going to pay extra. We don't care if she adds more of whatever she wants or doesn't add anything at all, just take out the potatoes! She continued talking and moving her hands and flailing her arms trying to describe us the plate. She kept emphasizing how she WOULD NOT REPLACE the potatoes but would be REMOVING them and adding other stuff. What in the world? Does this person know what the word "replace" means?

We say fine and she finally goes back to the kitchen. A table near us receives their food in a timely manner (15 minutes after ordering). We've been waiting 30 minutes now. The server says "THEIR FOOD CAME OUT FIRST BECAUSE THEY ORDERED YESTERDAY." What in the world?!?? After 45 minutes of this grueling wait, my boyfriend's mom's food comes out. The chef comes out, too! (Not again, stay in the kitchen please!) My boyfriend's mom is displeased and when the chef asks how her dish is, she says "So-so" (my boyfriend's mom's English is very limited, I'm surprised she didn't spit out what was in her mouth back on to the plate). Then the chef says, "All I want is a smile from her!" The audacity of this lady!!

There was a yellow flower placed on top of her plate of food. She took the flower off the plate and placed it on the table. When my waffle came out a few minutes later, the chef came out again! Then she takes the flower off the table and places it on top of my waffle and says, "You get a flower too!" Is this place that cheap that they have to reuse garnishing?!??

Overall, our experience was horrifying! I've never had vegan food before and if this is the best that a vegan restaurant can offer, then I can never be a vegan.

If you still want to dine there, here are some tips:

1. Order your food the day before you plan on actually eating it
2. Be ready to wait for at least 45 minutes for your food if you didn't order yesterday
3. Don't get an explanation of the menu
4. Stay away from talking to the chef

The bill was $49 before tip - we ordered only three plates and no drinks. A little pricey for disgusting food and even worse service.
Close enough from the strip that the taxi fare is worth the trip. And if you're local, just go and find Pura Vida. Las Vegas is filled with wonderful wonders - small owner operated places that are totally unique for any city. Pura Vida is one of those unusual special places.
I know how frustrating it can be to deal with wierd locations and wierd hours, but realize that it is difficult owning and operating a small business. Please be patient and understanding and you will be rewarded. If in doubt about hours of operation - ALWAYS call first and verify!

Very interesting and tastey veggie fare. The prices may seem a little high when you look at the menu, but when the food arrives, you will find plates piled up high with quality food. And depending on how much you eat - there's probably enough for a another full meal.
TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT.  Do not waste your time or money and...
Possibly the meanest thing I can say about a local business in this city. I'm counting the days till this place goes out of business...and it will, here's why;
- Disorganized; menu, kitchen, and staff.
- Poor customer service.
- Consistently poor customer experiences (Most of the 1 star reviews are consistent and accurate, I should have read them before)
- Overpriced specialty menu.

These people obviously have ZERO clue how to run a kitchen or a business. I don't know if they are out back harvesting the wheat and soybeans for their tofu but seriously, I could have birthed, raised, slaughtered, and cooked a cow in the time it takes them to make a goddamn waffle!

We (2 of us) were the 3rd table sat. NO ONE had food. The other two tables had already placed their orders. We placed our order on what appeared to be a menu designed by epileptic 9 yr old with a sever case of Aspergers syndrome (note: As someone w/epilepsy, I find this menu design  VERY insulting).  We attempt to order Tha' Waffle and their  insanely overpriced breakfast burrito. 15 mins later 4th table fills, then eventual the remaining tables slowly fill.  25 mins later the 4th table gets all their food. The 3 original tables are still without. Some polite banter between us the waitress to see what the hold up is and never a clear response.

The waitresses are now telling people who are slowly filing in that there is an hour wait and that, "we're closing at 2:00...that will only leave 15 mins, so don't bother waiting." (yes, this is an actual quote)  "They all just came at once" (which is total bullshit, I've been sitting here for over an hour.) At this point it had been an hour SINCE we placed our order. We walked out 

Went up the street to Omelet house. We were seated, orders placed, and served in 20 mins and spent $20. If I had actually paid for what we order, bill would have been about $32. 
running a vegetarian or vegan restaurant is not super expensive unless you are a complete f*ing moron.  If I could rate them on a CFM scale, 5 Stars!
*le sigh* 

I really didn't want it to come to this because well, as a vegan there are very few places I can go to eat, but after disappointment after disappointment I'm sorry to say I will not be coming back to Pura Vida any time soon. This was my letter to Chef Mayra after the Titanic x Hindenburg disaster that was their Valentine's Day dinner. 

"I hate to say it but I am livid and a bit appalled after tonight's Valentine's dinner. We paid $75 for 15 courses; you gave up after 12, and a couple of the courses were thrown & plated together last minute instead of being the separate courses they were advertised as. When you pay for something, you should receive it. Not only were we denied the extra courses, but it took forever to get them - you asked us to come early and that dinner would be served 6-9 PM; the first course wasn't even served until 6:40 PM. We left at 10 PM (we had plans at 9:30 - oh well!) confused as to where the rest of the courses were. There was very little explanation or communication and definitely poor planning. As a vegan I was excited for this opportunity and have eaten at your establishment many times, as well as referred you to others, but this will most likely be my last time. My husband really wanted this year to be special, but it was a huge headache. If you do this next year I hope you severely edit the menu and the prices so everyone leaves satisfied and at the designated time. You knew how many people were coming well in advance and should have had a test run of some sort. The only semblance of apology came from your servers when the food was not being served in the beginning. My husband is now even complaining he's still hungry as we didn't eat earlier in the day to fit this event in! This is one of the worst of not the absolute worst restaurant experiences I have ever been privy to and I hope to never repeat this episode of Vegan Survivor ever again."

I appreciate that everything is made ready-to-order, but when you're serving FIFTEEN courses to 40 guests who you asked to arrive early and did actually have a definitive ending time of 9 PM, you have to make sure it goes smoothly which it did not. My husband and I were starved for over an hour before the food started coming. We estimated our time of exit by how "quickly" the food was coming out and it should have ended past midnight! Completely awful. A bunch of people left (and I wish I were one of them), and I'm pretty sure every single person left unsatisfied. 

This establishment has absolutely 0 business acumen and it is going to hurt them. You don't even have to watch a couple episodes of Kitchen Nightmares to realize Pura Vida is doing it wrong. If you have to come out and explain every menu item as well as feel the need to put pictures of the food in the convoluted menu, as a diner you should run immediately. 

Now I was going to give Pura Vida the benefit of the doubt since they did email the patrons and offered the rest of the courses, we just had to email & give the time we're coming in. Which my husband did. And apparently he had to confirm back which was not explained whatsoever. So he is currently at Pura Vida waiting for them to make the final meal we will enjoy from there. 

I sincerely wish Chef Mayra luck (she's going to need it!) but I will not be back. 

P.S. To the servers - good luck, you were the best part of the place, always trying to make it work when you are as confused as the customer, and I hope she supplies plenty of aspirin for the hourly headaches you have to have from working there.
Great food, great vibe.

It needs a better location and more hands in the kitchen, but you don't come to rush brunch anyway! 

and you just can't beat knowing the kitchen doesn't handle meat-I like my breakfast foods without salmonella :)
Food is really good here. There are not that many good vegan restaurants in Las Vegas, so it is nice to have a place like this open up.

Food is all locally sourced. Portions are very big, enough usually to share or take home for another meal. They have a nice diverse lunch and breakfast menu.

The restaurant is small and so is the staff. So expect to wait an hour or so. They usually let you know when you walk in.  If time is an issue I recommend calling in your order. I'm going to do it now on regardless. One suggestion...they could use a session with a business consultant on how to get the business operating more efficiently.

The food is worth the wait though...
Really good tasty and flavorful meals and I am a non vegan. A must go to restaurant outside of the hyper-activity of the main strip. It's a small place but food come in big portions. Don't be shy about trying this place out.
I was a vegetarian for 5 years before I married a T-Rex.  So I was already a fan of vegetarian/vegan food.  The T-Rex has taken some convincing, and Pura Vida helped to convince him!

I ordered lime/mint water and chili with empanadas.  The T-Rex ordered grilled cheese with vegan sausage, salad, and Rooiboos iced tea.

Everything was soooo good, I'm already craving to go back!  Too bad I'm still full from that lunch.....Oh, wait!  There was so much food, I took some home!  Hooray, supper is already made.

I would give this place 5 stars, but the menu is really confusing.  I mean REALLY confusing.  No, like REALLY REALLY confusing.

Also, even though it is specialty food, we felt it was overpriced.

Bottom line, though:  Ladies, if my T-Rex loved the food here, so will your's.
Hi Folks, 

A friend and I visited the restaurant on a trip to Vegas. The food was outstanding! We were served fresh, original culinary delights that were, not only vibrant and delectable, but had a beautiful visual presentation. A vegan and vegetarian dream! The portions were enormous! Not only did we have a very difficult time selecting from the vast menu, we had a tremendous "doggy bag" to take with us on the road. 

The staff were simply incredible. Our server was gregarious and friendly. It was as though she invited us "out-of-towners" into her home. She had many suggestions, although, admitted that it was hard for her to select one given her enjoyment of so many--which was understandable from my perspective. Many of the food choices simply depend on your own personal desire and pull to eat certain types of foods at certain times.

The owner/culinary creator made an intentional effort to meet us as well. She came to our table not only for feedback but also just as a warm, kind gesture. She asserts that her food is created with love and positive energy. We talked about generally shared interested such as endorsing local farms (for freshness & quality but also to cut back on emissions associate with food delivery as well as to support small, local businesses). 

These folks are community, wellness, and spiritually conscientious individuals. It was a pleasure to be in their company. 

Personally, I loved my food and would order it multiple times over. My partner liked but wasn't crazy about the tuna fish salad sandwich he ordered. To me, this is understandable. One's enjoyment of any dish is likely to be based on his/her overall taste preferences and mood to eat certain flavors in the moment. [For instance, I am not a fan of dill or curry.] He was never one to like fish, so to select a vegan, fish alternative, was a surprise to me; it was a bold move. He wanted to try something very new to him. Unfortunately, it may not have been his style. This simply is occasionally the case sometimes when one selects new entrees (or rather what perhaps you may experience when trying a new ethnic type of cuisine that you are not familiar with). Somethings are not for everyone. He love the chili and salad, however, as well as my sandwich. :) 

I, unfortunately, was unable to try any desserts .I will simply too full. If I visit Las Vegas again, the bistro will certainly be one of my stops. As others have said, it is hard to find establishments such as this. If I were a local, I will probably visit weekly, as there are many original options to try. This was a nice, down-to-earth local cafe that is worth the wait (if there was one!) and will not cost you a fortune. Unlike other folks who posted reviews, we experienced no wait at all. We did go for lunch, however, on a weekday. For their sake, I hope that they have a full house and folks waiting to sample their food and take in the homey atmosphere in the future. 

Namaste,
Sarah
Ok, this place was really weird. I wanted to like it, but it's very expensive and kind of confusing.

We got there about 10 minutes before the last call for breakfast orders. Our waitress confirmed we'd still be able to order breakfast. She handed us like four menus, explained nearly every item on each one, and almost all of them had a catch (something missing, etc). Then we got a second waitress who took at least 15 minutes to get to us. We were not allowed to order breakfast.

The food wasn't bad by any means, but it wasn't anything special.
I like to eat at Pura and I bring all my non vegan friends/family all the time... I don't mind the 1 hour wait for the food... I even think the waitresses are nice.   I want to support a restaurant that is cruelty free.

But something happened today when i went to eat there... I ordered pancakes, and the table next to me ordered pancakes too.  Now, I was there before that table sat down and ordered.  So i'm waiting very patiently for my food ( i am waiting an hour)  when finally the waitress put my pancakes on my table.  As soon as I was gonna dig in, the other waitress comes and takes it off my table and says it's for the table next to me.  My waitress asked me if I had that same order and i said yes.  She then came back to tell me that since a kid ordered pancakes.. they want to get food out to the kids first.  I just thought that was the stupidest reason ever!!! I was like WTF.  What restaurant does that?  I don't care who ordered pancakes... i ordered first!  I'm grouchy when I'm hungry :)  (Imagine waiting an hour for your food, only to have the table next you who order after you.. get your food)   This just turned me off!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I don't know what to say about this incident.  I think I'm going to take a break from Pura for awhile. :(
I want SO badly for this place to work. Let's break it down: 

Pro's: 
The food is really great. 
The Chef is passionate about food 
There is a lot to choose from. 

Con's 
The wait - it can take 1+ hours to get a simple dish. I've been on a few occasions and the host has told me that if I called a day or 2 ahead of time I would have got the food faster. 

The price - for two of us at lunch we paid 56 dollars. That is more than what you'll pay at Wynn. We got 2 lunch specials and an appetizer, no drinks. At Wynn we got 2 appetizers drinks and entrees and paid 60 dollars. Even with the Groupon it was just too expensive for what it is. 

The service. The staff is very kind, when they come around. It can take a long time to even get a menu. 

The menu - what would work great here is a fixed menu. Just 2-3 things that the Chef decides on every day. They bring you 3-5 menu's and then have all of these add ons, restrictions and things to let you know. Like "This dish is great, but avocado is not in season so we use something else, and you can't get berries in this dish anymore, but you can get bananas, and you can't get this dish anymore, but the chef made something else up, but we don't remember what it is". I think the Chef is brilliant - so let her be brilliant and offer 2-3 things a day that she loves. Rather than a huge confusing menu that takes hours to get through. 

The atmosphere. They could easily get away with the eccentricity, weird menu and long waits if the place was really nice inside. It  is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place, plastic thick table cloths and all, which works if it's an inexpensive and fast diner. 

Like I said - I really want this place to work, and I think it could, but there definitely needs to be some improvements and some price adjusting, I'm still shocked how much we paid for a meal. For that, I'd much rather do something super fancy.
This place is pretty awful. The decor is all over the place. Random crap on the ways, pictures of turkeys, bad pics of what I presume is the chefs mom, and a weird slide show on a random monitor. Four or five really unorganized menus that are explained to every detail. Many items are unavailable or don't have all the ingredients. Food takes forever to get to the table and when it did it was cold. I got the tofu scramble which comes with cheesy potatoes, sausage, and random cucumbers.  I have never heard of cucumbers with food that is supposed to be hot. Anyway, as I said before the food arrived cold. The potatoes and sausage were cold and not to mention the sausage tasted like rubber. The hold plate looked like they just threw everything on the plate. No technique and no real concept of an actual meal.  

I could only manage a few bites until I had to tell the waitress that the food was cold and quite frankly, not very good. Before taking it back she mentions the window might have made it cold. This shit was cold when it arrived.  I've eaten vegan food plenty of times and this place is no where the other places I've been.  I eat at Native Foods in Southern California often. Their food has never been cold even when I'm actually outside.

But I digress, the chef comes out and makes some passive aggressive comment about the window.  Bitch it has nothing to do with the damn window.  She tells me," everyone else loves that meal. Next time I see your face I will make sure I cook your food at a 160 degrees and bring it right out to you." She continues with excuses like I don't know shit about food. She says," we don't use a microwave and the food gets cold at the pass."  A few minutes later she brings my girlfriend's food at and says some other bullshit as she sets it down," let me make sure it's out of the way of the window." It's not the window!! You gave me cold ass food which was also disgusting. The food is all over the place. Well I know I will never be back. The food was shit and as soon as I let them know that I was served bad/cold food the service became bad as well.

I wish this place would was chosen for Gordon Ramsey's kitchen nightmares. He is the only who could save that place.

I strongly advise against going there.

Recap: pretty bad quality, unorganized menus and way too expensive.

Just don't go there.
I hate food that pretends to be other food. I resent that a lot of vegetarian/vegan cuisine falls back on soy-based meat substitutes when there are so many vegetarian/vegan dishes that stand up on their own flavors. Seriously, stop with the tofurky and celebrate some damn vegetables.

I was worried Pura Vida would fall into this trap but I was pleasantly surprised. I had the chili and a banana cinnamon waffle, and both were fantastic. The only thing I didn't like was their service; it was absolute chaos. Our server was extremely friendly, but I feel like the kitchen is run by chefs with no business/commercial management experience. I'm not trying to say they should turn into an Applebee's; they make great food, but perhaps they need someone more well versed in high(er) volume prep, inventory control, etc.
Wow Nelly!!  This was my THIRD attempt to get in (and I don't live anywhere near this location).  The reason I didn't rank it a glowing 5 stars (which it deserves based on food) was because I drove 30 minutes there twice and they were full and it was a huge wait time, so we left.  I wish they had a larger place in a more convienant neighborhood, it's kind of a strange area.  

It is very small, no fancy bells and whistles, but the food and service are tremendously AWESOME!  Our waitress was incredibly helpful, being the tea snob that I am, after asking her if the iced tea was brewed, she offered to give us samples of the three flavors.  Personally, I didn't care for them, but I was pleasantly surpised by the gesture.

The corn chips and bean salsa was UH___MAZING!!! I actually ordered a pint of that junk to roll around in when I got home. Sooo good!!  Everything is Vegan, and what we got was Gluten Free too.  I will definitely go back, and they seem to post groupons quite often, so check there for good discounts.  I was happy & full, & excited. :)

Also, everything is organic (which is incredibly important to me), so the fruits and veggies are seasonal and change - FARM FRESH people.  There are quite a few things that I wanted to try, but needed to be phoned in before-hand (GF items & pastries).  So take a gander at their menu first to see what you might like. And make sure they're open, they have finiky hours or operation.  Don't go if you're in a rush because perfection takes a while. :D
Love love LOVE this place!!

The majority of my diet is vegan. Well...."whole food plant based." There is not any vegan places closer to me, but this one is about 15 minutes away. And I'm so thrilled I finally tried this place!

Vegan is very hard to do...and a lot of people veer from it because some people don't know how to cook vegan or make it taste great. Chef Mayra is an amazing cook and has such an awesome variety on her menu. Everything is made to order and fresh for that day. 

I went here with a friend on Saturday morning for brunch. We had - 

Pura Vida Empanadas - filled with vegan meat, cheese and veggies. I don't even know what the cream sauce was on top...but it was delicious. All very good flavoring with Pico de Galo on the side. 

Course 3 brunch sampler- fruit empanadas, tofu scramble, chili potatoes, soy sausages & pancakes with bananas. 
The Chili potatoes are amazing. She uses yams in a lot of her cooking too, which I love. 
The wheat pancakes are awesome too. 

I also had the infused water - Apple Orange kiss of Mango water. Loved it and so refreshing!

The staff is awesome and friendly...as well as the people in the restaurant. It's just one of those "good vibe" type of places. 

Everything was SO good. I cannot wait to go back for more breakfast and lunch items. The Northwest side is DYING for a place like this. I would be eating out all of the time...so maybe it's a good thing there isn't one too close to me.
I'm a vegan and have patience because I know what it takes to make a fresh vegan meal. My boyfriend on the other hand isn't. All the food is great, but it takes about an hour to be served your main course. They do advise you to get an appetizer. 

It is always crowded. Last time I went, we  got the last table and there was still a line when we left an hour and a half later. If you're alone, bring a book!
Best breakfast in town .. Vegan or otherwise. Amazing chocolate waffles !! Delicious pancakes with your choice of fruit inside !! Try the delicious Chili Fries as an appetizer

Everything we have had is yummy !! The Quesadillas, Empanadas ... & the people are so nice .. it can get packed so reservations are recommended as I have seen them turn people away  

People have complained that it takes too long to be served here but that is cuz they are making fresh food & making it with care & Love !! They are also very honest about how long it'll take & can help you order something quick if you are in a rush .. it is well worth the wait (& only when they get really busy !!) Our fast foor culture should learn to appreciate good food again

This is my 2nd review as last time I had only tried the desserts which are so yummy !!
I went here for Sunday brunch with a friend of mine. I called the day before and made a reservation for two and said one of us would be having the gluten free frenchie. I received a very lovely call the following morning from the chef herself. She said she was delighted to have us try her restaurant, and she will have all the ingredients ready so that way when we arrive she can start cooking. I was touched to receive such a friendly call. 

When we arrived, the chef came out and greeted us and took my friend's order. Our waiter was friendly, and she was checking in enough to make sure our water glasses were full but not overly doing it either. 

Our food took some time to cook, but I didn't mind because I knew everything was fresh and being cooked to our requests. When the food came out, Mayra stopped by and asked how I liked it. The french was amazing. It was the first time I had gluten free french toast outside my own home. It was sweet but not overly so. The presentation on my plate was wonderful with orange and banana slices. I loved the mixed fruit syrup in addition to the regular syrup.

My friend ordered a short stack of pancakes with the berry syrup. The short stack was huge and she only ate half. I cannot wait to try the pancakes the next time I go here. 

Overall, it was an excellent choice for Sunday brunch. The service is personal and great. The food is excellent. I am already making plans to eat here next month!
Here's a list of things I could hypothetically do in the amount of time it takes Pura Vida to make lunch:

- Read a few books on the subject of restaurant ownership
- Build an organic  farm in my backyard
- Grow an entire crop of fruits and vegetables
- Learn to cook an entire menu's worth of vegetarian recipes
- Get a restaurant business license
- Get a small business loan and lease a suitable property
- Grow a full, luxurious beard

I had a lunch reservation at 1:45. At 2:30 they called me up to tell me that they could not have my food ready until 3:15. I ordered a quesadilla and some soup, not The Great Pyramids of Egypt. 

Instead of apologizing for wasting my time, the chef immediately got defensive and indignant with me. The whole restaurant got to watch a soap opera moment unfold as she blamed her employee for poor time management, then she blamed me for not being flexible. Dinner and a show! 

I do not recommend you to go to Pura Vida Bakery & Bystro.
I would never have entertained thoughts of dining at this very modest appearing vegetarian restaurant, located in a sketchy section of downtown, except for its many favorable reviews.  

My wife ordered a Latin Tude (a burrito filled with black beans, refried beans, vegan cheese, onions, garlic, tomatoes, roasted potatoes with poblano peppers) while I chose, being a romantic, the My Love (2 burrito's with sun dried tomatoes, Cuban black beans, vegan cheese, spinach, roasted garlic potatoes and peppers).  We were told the food would take 30 minutes to prepare and were encouraged to have an appetizer.  In retrospect, I am glad we didn't because each of our dishes could have, should have, been shared.  Both were beautifully plated and delicious, but we ended up taking half of each with us.  Prices are relatively high, but so is the quality.
My sister and I are on a dairy free diet and it's hard to find places to go with a huge selection of dairy free menu options.  This is a vegan restaurant so we can eat anything on the menu and the food is amazing!  You do have to wait a while for your food to be prepared, but it's well worth the wait!  Chef Myra personally comes out and delivers your food.
I haven't been to Pura Vida in quite a while and based on the more recent reviews, service has gone considerably downhill.  It seems that most of these issues are related to wait times, stress out chef/staff, and the price of the food.  Honestly, as much as I love a discount, I think the groupons were a HUGE mistake for chef Mayra and Pura Vida.  She had a thriving, successful small restaurant before offering groupons and I really don't how it has benefited her business.  I had heard that they were extremely busy all the time, and that the wait for food was even worse than it had been.  I am using my groupon tomorrow to pick up a to-go order, which I placed today (that was a first).  I can deal with that, so long as my order is ready to be picked up at the arranged time.  

It really saddens me that Pura Vida got caught up in bringing in more and more people via groupon.  The space is simply not large enough to accommodate the kind of numbers a groupon deal will attract.  This used to be one of my favorite places because it was all vegan, quaint, the prices were reasonable for the amount of food served, and the chef and staff always made us feel welcome.  I truly hope Pura Vida remembers why its patrons loved it so much, and return to their roots, asap.  

p.s.  My rating may change depending on how it goes tomorrow.

*UPDATE*  So, my food was ready, exactly as requested when I came to pick it up.  The food was hot and delicious (as always).  I am not sure about dining in at Pura Vida until they get a better handle on the wait times, but as long as you have an idea of what you want, calling in for pick-up is definitely an option.
I haven't even been to this place to eat yet because I can't even get a reservation!!  
I have tried using my Groupon and tried making a reservation, but they don't even have reservations available on certain days or at certain times that would work for my schedule and theirs.  
Plus, I have been put on hold for over 15min. one time waiting to get a reservation for the next day since they didn't have availability.  So, I hung up and then tried calling back just to get the answering machine.  
The person that answers the phone is the owner.  
Tried to call again today and make a reservation and they had NO availability.
Asked her to honor my Groupon when they had a reservation I could make & she blamed Groupon and said she would not be able to honor it for me (only what I paid for it $10, but not the discounted portion full $20).  Really??  Over $10, you can't accommodate someone that is trying to make a reservation that can't get in and has never been to your restaurant?  

Then, she tells me I can walk in today??  Really!!? I told her but your Groupon says that I have to make a reservation!  Thanks for telling me that ahead of time.  

WOW WOW WOW!  Not a place for me, so I have contacted Groupon to help me out because I don't want to every step foot in a ridiculous place like this.  

If you can't handle the Groupon load, you have no business advertising through Groupon! 

PS to the Restaurant:  A lot of Groupon people are also YELPERS, so I would be a little more accommodating to those that review your restaurant! 

Very disappointed customer, so shall I say... didn't even get that far!  :(
Ah man! I have been meaning to make it to Pura Vida since it opened, but finally it was a Groupon that lead me through the door. The food is amazing and the presentation beautiful! Complete detail placed upon every dish; each divine meal being its' own little piece of heavenly art. Even my carnivore friend loved the grub and discussed how Pura will be a regular stop on our weekly lunch outings.

I can only rate this cafe' as a 4 because all of the comments about: groupons, reservations, appetizers, abrupt chatter from staff, weird decor, limited menu, avocados and bananas are true. But as far as I'm concerned, the quality of the food outweighs the negativity.

The dining area could be spiffied up a bit and DON'T go there if you are in a rush. They REALLY need to get more kitchen help, a hostess and a more cohesive website. Although the server was sweet, she could only bring out the food as swiftly as it was prepared. Clearly Chef Myra is a perfectionist, but delegating to competent staff would really help to grow and solidify this business to a needy base of health-concious locals (who can't spend more than an hour and a half on a work day lunch hour). The time and reservation issues need to be resolved, as it is ridiculous to expect that patrons should wait that long, even if the food is amazing. 

The prices are very high, but the servings are large and oh so YUMMILICIOUS! Pura Vida is totally worth the money, but they need major improvement on the wait issue. Hopefully they will get that worked out before turning too many people off.
Honestly best all vegan restaurant I have been to. The wait can be very long just simply because there are so many returning customers. Only suggestion in the future  is I hope you guys expand one day to fill all your awesome customers with your wonderful food.
After only one visit, I already have a love/hate relationship with this place.

I'll tell you what I hate: the wait! The company's website encourages ordering ahead, and other reviewers warned of half hour wait times. Still, nothing could have prepared me to showing up for brunch, being handed 1 menu for our party of 2, and being told it would be at least 15 minutes before we could even have our order TAKEN. After finally ordering, we waited an additional HOUR AND 15 MINUTES for our food to arrive. Meanwhile, other tables who had only been there 30-40 minutes started to receive their orders. Luckily, our poor, over-worked server could not have been more of a saint, and she visibly looked pained every time she'd have to tell us that we'd have to wait "just a bit longer." Eventually, the Chef had to come out and apologize. Apparently she had re-arranged the tickets, and ours kept getting pushed back in the mix. She wound up comping our bill, which left me feeling less cranky about the horrendous wait time.

But, enough about that--- here's what I love: the food. Dear lord, it was amazing. Here's a list of a few things we ordered, and my thoughts on them:
-The Chili: Amazing! It had this lovely balance of sweetness (thanks to succulent chucks of yam) and spice (peppers, I presume). Easily, it was the best chili I've ever had in my life.
-The Side Salad: Huge. Easily a side salad for 2. Loved the surprising, fresh ingredients, like sliced oranges. We had the creamy garlic dressing, and it was quite tasty without being over-powering.
-The Latintude Burrito: Massive. Soyrizo is my favorite, and this one had just the right amount. The Vegan cheese was super convincing, and my taste buds couldn't tell the difference. I loved that the burrito was nicely grilled, making the tortilla crispy and delicious! Despite being packed to the brim, I think this is the 1st burrito I've ever had that didn't fall apart/turn to mush.
-The Empanadas: Crust was flaky and golden. The contents were a little too creamy for my liking. With everything mixed/blended together, I had a hard time making out individual ingredients. I can't even tell you what was in it. The boyfriend loved it though. 

So, there were things I loved and things I hated about this place. Would I ever dine there again? Never. Though, I can certainly say I might place an order for pick up.
Walking in here was an immediate throwback to food adventures in Portland, OR. It's got that indie vibe, with the vegan thinking going. Very Portland[ia]. I like it.

Right off the bat we were told that basically we'd be waiting half an hour for food. This is pretty much addressing the complaint most people had - the prolonged period of time to get food or service. It's somewhat true, but we actually got our food in reasonable time. Also, apparently we were supposed to make a reservation. Whatever. One more thing: the kitchen. That place is busy. Chef Mayra might know how to make good vegan food, but running a kitchen... it was looking stressful and a little angry back there.

I tried the cinnamon walnut French toast (topped with apples and bananas) with the tofu scramble (tasted like it belonged with chili) on the side as well as the empanadas (honestly most people would be hard pressed to figure out they're vegan) with chili (strangely sweet). Both were presented artfully, and both were very delicious. Very high quality food is served here. I can't imagine any way that anyone, vegan or not, would think otherwise. Flavorful and delicious. I will say the French toast was extremely sweet, though. This isn't uncommon.

Initially I thought, "wow, this place is ridiculously expensive," but after eating I think it was almost worth it. Almost. It's still expensive ($14-17/dish) and out of the way for most people. The place is pretty downscale and yeah, sure, that's "indie" but they can do better. I've also made quite a bit of vegan food and I know it isn't that expensive to make vegan pancakes over regular ones.

Even with that said, I'll be coming back for sure. I think their food is great and their menu is worth sampling over and over again. We need more of this.
I'm conflicted about how many stars to give Pura Vida. On the one hand, it's fantastic that they make all cruelty-free food, and the meal I had there was extremely delicious. However, I also had to wait almost two hours for said meal. The waitress was very friendly and apologetic, but that didn't diminish my hunger pangs.
I'm with others-- I have kind of a love-hate feeling about this place. I was really torn about how to rate it, so here goes.

The good: 
I went with 3 other people and all of us LOVED our food-- even though I was the only vegan. I ordered the chocolate pancakes, my husband got the PB and banana stuffed pancakes, my friend got some other type of pancake, and my other friend got the french toast. The servings were HUGE, as in, I could have easily shared with someone and we would have both been full. I ate less than half of my meal, as it came with 4 or 5 very large pancakes. If you are going to have pancakes or french toast and don't tend to have a monstrous appetite, I would recommend ordering with the syrup on the side so that you can take a to-go box. Ours were pre-syruped, so they would have gotten soggy if we would have tried to take our leftovers. If I was rating this restaurant just on my food that I ordered, it would be 5 stars. Delicious.

The bad:
1) Menu selection: This is one of those vegan restaurants that is able to be vegan because they use lots of fake meats, fake cheese,  and soy. If you are soy sensitive or trying to avoid soy (or just don't like the fake meats and fake cheeses), you may have a hard time finding something to eat unless you are there for breakfast. 

2) The wait: HOLY COW. Unreasonable doesn't even begin to cover it. I called about an hour ahead and we were seated immediately when we got there (there were about 3 or 4 empty tables left, which is a lot given how small this place it), but waited literally an hour and 20 minutes for our food. They told us it would be 45 minutes and asked if we wanted a snack while we waited. My friend ordered a fruit plate, and that took 35 minutes to come out (yes, we were timing it). It was obvious that the fruit was pre-cut (the apples had that browning around the edges from sitting after being cut), so why on earth it took 35 minutes to throw some fruit onto a bowl is beyond me.  Also, 3 of our meals were done about 15-20 minutes ahead of the 4th, so we were almost done eating by the time the last person at our table got his food. 

3) The coffee: This is a little thing, but the coffee was WAY too strong (or had been sitting for SEVERAL hours, which I don't think is even possible given that we were there at 11:30 am). My friend ordered the coffee and used 3 servings of creamer, and it was still too strong to drink. We all tried it and agreed on this. 

4) Don't judge this place by its location or its exterior. It looks very shady, with bars on the windows in a neighborhood that is obviously less than desirable. My friends were clearly nervous when we pulled up to the building.
Healthy, vegan, gluten free food options.  Atmosphere is a homely mom-and-pop restaurant nestled in the industrial downtown area.  Warning: Call ahead to RSVP & request sweet breakfast entrees in a gluten free option. The food is worth the wait.
My friend and I came here for the first (and probably last) time because I saw a groupon and thought it would be cool to try some Vegan food.  The place is very small and almost looks like it's from a movie taking place in old Mexico, from the outside, but that's beside the point.  We entered with open minds.  Upon seeing the inside of the restaurant we noticed the entire place had about 10 tables, most of which were 2-tops, and I wondered why a reservation was required.  A woman at the register seated us with no mention of  a reservation, so I didn't worry about it.
While we were looking over the menu, this very tall, overbearing Latin woman in chef-type attire came to the table next to us with a man dressed also as a chef.  It took a minute for me to realize that she was the owner/head chef reprimanding the other chef for his portion size using the 2 customers as living examples, IN FRONT OF the customers, WHILE they were eating the food!!! Very strange and uncomfortable for the customers, and unprofessional in general.
I ordered a wrap that said it should come with either chili or a side salad or soup but was told there is no soup so I was instead offered a fruit salad.  This came first and although the variety of fruits on top and the portion size looked very good, I soon realized that all the apple slices at the bottom were bitter from aging.  So I left the whole bottom of the fruit plate untouched.
After about 40 min. from ordering, and watching the head chef woman walk around all over the place but not in the kitchen, we asked the server if the food was almost ready.  She THEN explained that due to "macro cooking" processes, they cook at a super low heat and it takes longer than a regular restaurant.  Would have appreciated knowing that BEFORE we ordered.  Maybe we would have gotten a quick  appetizer or something.  Anyway, a few minutes later our entrees finally came out.  My wrap ended up looking different than I expected, with the "tomato slices" being 2 tiny pcs of tomato as a garnish, rather than inside my wrap as the description made it sound.  But it tasted good and I was hungry so that was fine.
My friend had ordered basically a veggie sandwich with garlic and peppers.  What she got was a glorified grilled cheese sandwich.  We brought it up to the server who seemed confused and went to the kitchen to verify what she had told them.  Then she went to the chef to ask.  (Why didn't one of the only 2 servers in the place know what the menu item was supposed to consist of?)  Then the chef comes over and proceeds to give a laundry list of excuses as to why the food was WAAAAAY different than described in the menu.  She says there's a disclaimer at the bottom that we missed stating something about chef changing menu items as she sees fit, that she hadn't been happy with the integrity of the sandwich as it was or something, that she had a new baker whose bread was now 2x the size so we got a great value, that the sandwich actually does have tomatoes as promised (though they were just 2 little slices on the side), that my friend was confused and should've ordered a different item if that's what she wanted.  Then, after forcing excuses on us in her overbearing way, for like 5 minutes, she asks "but is everything good?  Does it all taste ok?".  It was so awkward.  So my friend and I both said everything was fine to get this very tall, overpowering woman away from us.  
Both of us agreed the food tasted just fine, but was misrepresented.  I think if nothing else had been different, at least the simple paper menus in plastic sleeves could've been retyped to reflect that certain menu items were COMPLETELY different than described.  The customer service by chef/owner woman was terrible, and by the servers was just ok.  I feel that the people here put out the minimum amt of effort possible until you ask questions (that you dont' know you should have to ask) and then when an issue comes up, it's like it's the customer's fault.  No apology or discount was offered to rectify my friend's meal.  So we will probably never go back and spread this info to everyone we know who may be interested in Vegan food.  I'm sure there are other better places out here in Vegas.
If you are looking for innovative vegan food, friendly service and casual and a welcoming atmosphere, this is your place. Yeah, the location is perhaps a bit odd but it only adds to the charm. Portions are large and the food is pretty rich. They take pride in their creations and it didn't seem like substitutions / changes to dishes were very welcome at all.
Very poor customer service!

Went to try with the family after hearing a lot of good things about the food.  We arrived exactly an hour before they closed and after waiting a few minutes(although we were seen by employees upon entry) at the front were asked if we had a reservation by someone running helplessly back and forth behind the counter.  We replied  that we did not and she stated that they would not be able to serve us then because they were " way backed up and would be closing in a few minutes" (even though we were there an hour before listed closing and there were at least five tables open).  We advised the lady that we had a Groupon that was expiring that day and maybe we could use it for take out or at least the bakery.  She declined but did inform us that THEY would still allow us to use it for the original value we paid.  I told her that this was Groupon's policy already and not the restaurants and she just shrugged and said "sorry".

This poor example of customer service unfortunately cannot change my mind about this place no matter how good the food is supposed to be.  If this is how this establishment chooses to operate they shouldn't be in the sit down restaurant business.  Because of this experience, I will be sure to STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINST ANYONE TRYING THIS PLACE.
I thought my meal was tasty.  But, it was french toast, so you can't really fuck that up. It's almost impossible.  

My companion said she didn't enjoy what she ordered.

They were also out of many things because they aren't "seasonal."  

The wait was horrendous.  Definitely don't visit if you want to get in/out w/in an hour, because you'll be waiting that hour just to get your food.
I had second thought upon arrival, but we were in Vegas for the first time and a vegan place is hard find in town.

Upon ordering, we were warned that groupons will not be accepted due to some holidays. And it wasn't a holiday that we were aware of! 

The menu was unorganized and ridiculously expensive; $14-17/dish. The place is pretty downscale. I

We ordered our breakfast and had it for lunch! The wait was absolutely crazy! We were told if you called in advance then food will be ready "earlier". Definitely don't visit if you want to get in/out w/in an hour, because you'll be waiting that hour just to get your food
I really enjoyed the food. The vast amount of flavor in each dish is like none other.They need an investor to put them in an up scale area. It's a five star menu in a one star building/area.
Amazing food. Truly amazing. I'm a really good vegan chef and I'm not the easiest to please when it comes to vegan food. 
I loved it. 
My husband loved it.
You have to make a reservation to get in. 
Many yelpers have complained about wait time or being turned away - but this just a place that requires a reservation. Get over it.
We made a reservation, we were warmly greeted by the chef as we entered - as if we were in her home and she had been busy cooking for us in advance. 
The prices seemed high on the menu - but once we got our food, we realized the prices were perfect for the HUGE size meals we got. My husband and I shared two meals with our two small kids and still took home enough food to SHARE for dinner that night.
I really HAVE to go back to try some of the sweeter options on the menu. We had more savory lunch items this time - and i don't think i've ever had better food at a restaurant - ever....

As for the Groupons - you have to read the fine print on those things. A shop owner makes just about nothing off the sale of a Groupon - so cut em' some slack. 

Wait time for your meal is around 30 minutes - more or less. Expect that. But once you get your food - you'll forget about how long it took and realize it was custom made for you and it is amazing.
We tried Pura Vida a couple weeks ago and the food was fantastic!!!!! The chef has truly mastered an incredibly flavorful vegan menu. We had the chocolate french toast and a combination special which was the best breakfast I have had in years. 

We also had the flavored water (a mandarin one and a lime/mint one) which I immediately wanted to run home and try to make.

While it does take a while to get your food, we didn't mind as we weren't in a hurry. It felt worth it to have the meal. 

The buidling is quirky/downtown/unique which adds to the experience. It's a bit dirty but we got over it.

Our waitress had a ton of spirit and spent a significant time amount of time walking us through the menu. She was so excited about where she worked and you could really tell she cared about her job. While I am somewhat antisocial, I would normally have been annoyed by this but she was really helpful and I really appreciated her passion for the food and service. The reason for the star substraction is at one point it appeared the chef was disciplining or ridculing the waitress. I am not sure what the issue was but I sensed it was because she may have been in the weeds. If the chef had a concern she should do it out of sight of the customers. Since I had grown especially fond of the amount of time the server spent with us, I really didn't appreciate seeing the chef come down on her. It's not good practice to punish employees in sight of her customers who take the time to passionately sell her food.

The mulitple menus are pretty disorganized and somewhat hard to follow but, again, it adds to the quirky experience if you have a server help to walk you through it. It certainly seems this could be organized better if you want to create a more efficient ordering experience.

Overall the food is amazing so I gave it four stars but there is room for improvement.
Reviews say that you wait a long time here for your food; We didn't even get any food!

After the waitress seated my wife and I at the one decently lit free table, and we were ready to order, Mayra decided that a party of three which had just entered deserved our table more than we did and told us that we were sitting at the "wrong table", and demanded we move.   Now if she had said, please, or, excuse me, or sorry, or do you mind, we would have cooperated.   But there was no reason that the threesome, (which turned out to be there for take-away and NOT for a table)  should have had priority over us.  When I told Mayra that we would rather leave, she pointedly replied that this was a community restaurant, implying that our behavior was inappropriate.  So we got up to leave.   At that point someone told Mayra that the threesome was there for take-away, which should have been her cue to apologize to us, offer us a free drink, and invite us to be seated, but nooooooo.

So we left.
Items ordered:

Trader Joes Organic Coffee
Chocolate Chip Banana Bread
French Toast with Cocoa drizzle, syrup, bananas
Chocolate Waffle with Bananas, Chocolate Chips, Syrup
Apple Cinnamon Bread Pudding in Cider Sauce

I am neither vegan nor vegetarian and the concept of tofu made into meat-like-product generally disgusts me, but with that said I do harbor a soft spot for high quality baked goods and breakfasts - vegan, veg, or otherwise - and perhaps as a result of limited ingredients and a need to innovate or perhaps simply because they use a lot of sugar, great produce, and top notch chocolate and maple syrup my experience over the course of much time and many cities has shown me that restaurants eschewing meats (and sometimes even butter and eggs) tend to produce some really excellent sweets; a fact that led me to Pura Vida for breakfast on Christmas Eve 2012.

Small, well off the strip, and homey/shabby in a pleasant way that is entirely anti-Vegas Chef Mayra's Pura Vida Bakery and Bystro is billed as "Las Vegas' First & Only 100% Cruelty Free Restaurant!" and with only one server plus Mayra herself running the small space it is certainly not a place to go for a quick bite as wait times for one of the twenty or so seats can top an hour and each dish can take up to an hour to emerge from the kitchen but those with patience (or time to spare) will certainly be rewarded with what I personally consider the best Vegan food I've ever tasted - and perhaps the best breakfast in Las Vegas outside of Bouchon.

Setting aside the anti-meat propaganda (an interesting way to spend your wait time) and focusing solely on the food and service every aspect of my nearly ninety minutes at Pura Vida was excellent - an appetizer of dense banana bread that was easily 50% banana coming first followed by three dishes emerging from the kitchen as they were prepared; the French Toast a bit less custardy than I generally prefer but light and not overly sweet while the chocolate waffle took an entirely different route by arriving entirely over the top; a crispy chocolate disc topped with dark chocolate, perfect bananas, and resting in a pool of maple syrup - a must order, but perhaps something best shared as it ranks amongst the most decadent breakfast dishes I've ever tasted.

Truly impressive and not only worth the reservation (or wait time) but also the hassle of getting there from The Strip Pura Vida is a restaurant that stands up for what it believes in and does those things very well.  While Veganism may not be a lifestyle for everyone I'm confident to say that Mayra could satisfy any palate if given the chance while the small staff does everything they can for each guest, even going so far as to plate my bread pudding because she noticed I was taking pictures before boxing it up to go, the dense cinnamon bread soaked through with spicy cider and skin-on apple compote proving a perfect dessert after Lotus of Siam that afternoon.
This is the best food I've had in a while. It's just a bonus that its vegan and organic! Sooooooo good! I had the French toast with apples on them and they were fabulous!
Visiting Vegas from Canada, Pura Vida was on my list of must visits and I am glad I did. Despite some bad reviews on their Yelp page and a few warnings regarding these reviews, Chef Mayra and the staff of Pura Vida did not disappoint. The food was incredible. People need to realize that this is not a fast food restaurant but a sit down joint with food that is fresh, flavorful and personally prepared with extreme care and love. The staff was extremely kind, fun and welcoming. They took all care to make sure we were comfortable and happy, giving free small samples of their drinks and just conversing with the customers. The restaurant is also extremely clean and well laid out with lots of vegan friendly decor including photos of adopted turkeys from Farm Sanctuary, vegan pamphlets from Vegan Outreach, magazines and more. The food also did not disappoint. My husband and friend got the quesadilla which showed up on a massive plate, piled high and truly a Mexican lovers delight. I ordered the eggless salad sandwich and that also did not disappoint. It was loaded with veggies and stacked really high and came with an amazing fruit salad and drink. We also got to witness where the bad reviews have come from. People coming in with attitudes expecting their food to be there as soon as they order. Thank you Chef Mayra and all the staff at Pura Vida for the amazing meal and experience.
VEGAN-SCHMEGAN - It's delicious!
I had breakfast at this little joint two Fridays in a row. Suzy H. is a fan, so I know it's got to be good. For my first visit, I was wowed by the vegan marble waffle, which was covered with strawberries, bananas, chocolate chips, and chocolate sauce--this is vegan?  Sign me up!  The dish came with a side of tofu scramble, but just too much food for me to eat alone.  I ate half the waffle and two bites of the scramble.   Along with breakfast burritos made with veggies, vegan cheese, tofu, etc., the menu for breakfast is also loaded with a lot of sweet stuff, which was surprising to me.  Among other things, there is French Toast, short stacks of pancakes, waffles,  and dark choco waffles, many of the dishes served with fresh fruit.  This is a tiny place and it feels like being in Chef Mayra's kitchen, really.  She's the half Lebanese/half Cuban/ vegan cheerleader/owner/chef and this is her little kingdom. And, it is a small space--if you want to dine here with a party of five or more, you should call to reserve a table.  Chef Mayra is a warm, friendly soul who greeted us and also served us our meals and chatted for a bit.  
My second visit, I went with the Sexy Short Stack, pancakes made with organic flour, cinnamon, vanilla and banana with vegan maple syrup to drizzle over it.  This serving was more realistic for one person to finish and I almost did-hah!  
Give this place a try for some healthy food made with love served by a chef who champions the vegan cause, but also just wants you to have a wonderful culinary experience every time.
Superb vegan fusion food. The chef really make you feel valued too.
This vegan restaurant is still located in a less than desirable section of town and the furnishings are second hand store quality, but we were here for the food. Our server again attempted to up sell us on an appetizer, but we learned from past experience that the quantity of food served is too much for us.

My wife ordered the Sexy short stack  - organic flour pancakes made with cinnamon & real vanilla. It was billed as having vegan maple syrup whatever that is plus lots of seasonal fruit which turned out to be over ripe bananas.  I fared no better with Tha' Waffle - a big waffle that I upgraded with seasonal fruit (same overripe  bananas) and a dollop of whipped cream for $1 - heavy and tasteless. Both the server and kitchen were on "don't worry, be happy" time, so it took awhile for our orders to arrive. Prices are high and this meal proved to be disappointing on several levels.
This place scores high marks from me because of the staff, the head chef and the food. 

I dined here twice during a recent trip to vegas and found the food delicious. Also after my second visit, I was waiting an eternity for a cab to arrive to take me somewhere, and even though they were then closed for the day Chef Mayra let me hang out inside, poured me some water and made me feel welcome.

The menu could be a little easier to understand, but the home-like charm was part of the allure of this place.
Make this the ONLY place to eat whenever in Vegas. First, Mayra is ethically driven which made the experience that much more memorable. They adopt animals and are environmentally correct. She doesn't use any animal products in her cooking. I know whoever eats there will have an awakening and lively reality that eating without animal products is the way to go. Eat to live, not live to eat. Animal products cause cancer and numerous other ailments. Remove these products and you'll feel amazing. Now, back to Pura Vida...I haven't had better food anywhere. The flavors she is able to develop are unmatched and inventive. I ate there on July 2nd, twice! I had a berry kisses smoothie, chili cheese potatoes, and the latin'tude. Beautiful presentation and out of this world flavors. I hope she opens a restaurant in Los Angeles, until then, I'll go to Vegas just for the deliciousness. I appreciate your passion and non-traditional culinary expertise. Thanks Mayra! 

-Ryan 
CFT, plant based nutritionist
Pura Vida is a pleasant surprise. If you choose to dine here, be aware that there is only one chef/cook. Your meals may take some time, but it's worth it. With this in mind, they will only seat as many people as their chef can handle. Yes, there may be tables outside, but they won't really serve out there if the restaurant is full inside. While you wait for your food, I hope you brought some company that can engage in great conversations. Your best bet is to make a reservation and even order your food beforehand. Since they try to use local and fresh ingredients, their menu may be limited at times. I hope you're understanding and not all stuck up about this. I can appreciate Pura Vida's ideology of an old school restaurant supporting our local community. And I can definitely appreciate fresh ingredients.
With that being said, you'll definitely enjoy the food. They can be a little on the pricier side, but the portions are big. It's worth it. To my surprise, the chili was awesome! Quite spicy, but awesome. 
All-in-all, Pura Vida is a great place to experience. Just enjoy the company you have and the food you'll eat. 
Namaste.
This is now our go to place for delicious organic/vegan delectable food!  Don't let the bakery part of the name throw you!  This is much more than a bakery!  Las Vegas is seriously lacking Vegan/Organic places and this is the place to go if you are looking for that!  Five stars all the way!
I have been eating at Pura Vida since they initially opened. As a matter of fact, I have been a customer of Chef Mayra's since BEFORE this restaurant opened-- my father hired her to bake me a vegan cake for my 21st birthday.

In terms of Pura Vida, the food at this establishment has been consistently good. Yes, the wait is long; yes, the menus are all over the place; yes, the place is run in a discombobulated fashion; yes, sometimes the staff is short with customers. But the food has always been tasty. 

My visit earlier today, though, will mark the last time that I patronize them. Ever. Please read of my experience below:

My friend and I walked in around 11AM and were briskly told to "read the sign!" Looking around, we were unsure of what sign to read. When it was pointed out to us, it stated plainly that no Groupons would be accepted this weekend following the 4th of July, and that if we have a Groupon we can come back tomorrow. [This immediately gave me a flashback to Father's Day weekend '13 when I came in with a different friend and, upon attempting to redeem her Groupon, were told that they would not accept it due to the holiday weekend. Even though it expired that weekend, and no where on the Groupon did it say that it was void on holiday weekends]. 

Continuing on... Not having a Groupon on this visit, my friend and I didn't worry about the sign. We were then asked, rather shortly, "So do you still want to eat here?!" I could barely get the 'yes' out of my mouth before we were then asked, "Well, do you have a reservation?!" Having not EVER made a reservation, save for Mother's Day '13, I said 'no'. We were then met, pretty much, with a, "Let me see if we have room for you". Thankfully, after a brief time, we were seated. 

Upon choosing our meals, our orders were taken. I decided on 'Tha Frenchie', which is a french toast dish with syrup, bananas, fresh berries [when they are in season], and "A DRIZZLING" of chocolate syrup. Having ordered this dish on Mother's Day and not able to eat more than two bites because it was absolutely DRENCHED in chocolate syrup [and had no berries, since they were not in season], I politely asked three questions this time: 1) Are berries in season? (yes) 2) So there will be berries on my french toast? (yes) 3) Can I please order the dish with no chocolate syrup? (yes)

After some great conversation with my friend, our meals arrived. My french toast had no chocolate syrup on it, but neither did it have any berries. Before the waitress walked away I said, "Oh! It looks like the berries are missing. May I please have my berries?" to which she replied, "Let me check".

Puzzled by this response, my friend and I exchanged looks.

Chef Mayra, the owner, then walked abrasively up to our table and lectured me on how my choosing to get no chocolate syrup messed up the flavor profile and, essentially, how dare I think that I could further ruin the flavor profile by enjoying berries on the dish with no chocolate syrup (?). It really made no sense at all, so I then said, "Well, the menu says that the dish comes with fresh berries...I just didn't want the chocolate..." Chef Mayra then continued and stated that I am "lucky" that she is here today, else her chefs would not have even altered her "Signature Dish" to the extent of not putting chocolate syrup on it because they are trained to not alter the Signature Dishes. 

Oh, but this is a special day--- so she then handed me one large strawberry, sliced up on a plate. "Here is your berry this time. But we won't be able to do this next time".

Wow. 

I felt like that was a huge slap in the face. And the whole deal still doesn't make much sense to me. Why was she in such a bad mood? Why was she so offended that I didn't want chocolate syrup? To be sure, I didn't mention the thirteen wasted dollars on Mother's Day due to the french toast being ruined by a gallon of chocolatey goodness. Maybe I should have? 

In any case, I felt like a very undervalued customer today. In the time since Pura Vida opened its doors, I have brought A LOT of varied business to them-- business that would have, initially, never even considered this restaurant less I suggested  it.

It really is too bad to see such a good restaurant idea not live up to its potential because of bad customer service. As a vegan, I loved to eat here. But my money (and my partner's, and my friends', and my family members') money will be spent elsewhere. At restaurants where we aren't treated like annoyances.
Found the waitress to be overbearing, hardly gave us 5 mins at a time without telling us something additional about the confusing, repetitive menu. and as other food was coming out, would stop and show/describe other customers' food, without us asking for that... 

And then there were bugs in my salad, but it was my moms first visit to a vegan restaurant and I didn't want her to NOT eat, didn't want the other customers knowing (really small place) and didn't want to embarrass the overly enthused waitress.... :(



Sad experience bc I had been wanting to go there for quite a while.
Pura Vida has amazing food, it is over priced but the quantities are large enough to share between two people . On to Chef Mayra, the lady can cook but she has no idea how to run a restaurant. My husband and I got a groupon and told the server,she then explained the "very limited choices" we had in order to use our groupon. The limited choices included about 6 dishes not including drinks or anything else. The menu is very extensive and complicated and it took the server about 7 minutes to "run through everything". the server was great about everything, you know she had to deal with Chef Mayra who is by the way yelling across the tiny restaurant at her saying, you've got to get tot his table and do this etc etc etc while she's trying to take orders from other customers. Our table was also moved (with us already sat down for 15 minutes) by Chef Mayra herself while we were sitting trying to drink our coffee. It stressed me out having to be moved around and listen to Chef Mayra bitch and moan while we were just trying to eat peacefully. Also, if you don't have any coupons or anything, prices for one dish are anywhere from $12.00-$17.00 . Flavored water is $4.00 smoothies are $8.00. astronomical! Just Fyi. Also, upon arriving we were asked if we made reservations, um...what? We were not aware of this. Then Mayra made it seem like we were intruding. Not a fan.
Unfortunately I will no longer be eating here. I love the food and I, for the record, am not a vegan. When I ate here less than a week ago the service was enough to put me over the edge. I know that there is always a wait for the food and I was aware the pricing was a little high. This time the owner made me feel as though my patronage was not welcome. I understand that the recipes are carefully created but at the end of the day if I want to make a substitution that's my prerogative. I will no longer be eating here and "ruining the flavor profiles" of her signature dishes. I wish this was not the case but I will no longer eat at this restaurant.
These folks don't understand that good service makes up at least 50% of the equation if you want to run a successful restaurant. Good food alone doesn't cut it. Hubby and I went here on the reco of some friends. Food was tasty, but service and most importantly, the staff's attitude, was unbelievably poor. 

Do yourself a favor and pass on Pura Vida.
Ok, so I've eaten here quite a few times and I'd like to say that I will continue to eat here on occasion because I think the food is fantastic. There was obviously a lot of time put into the flavor profiles of the dishes and the flavors and textures are full of mouth watering goodness. I'm not a vegan, but I am Lacto-ovo vegetarian and I love the fact that there is a delicious vegan restaurant in my downtown area. Ok, so since the food is so good, the owner does not need any help with her food design, because its frickin' great, but they do need some serious help with the service and menu layout. The servers are nice, but not efficient. The menu design is horrible and very difficult to navigate. The efficiency and timing of the kitchen is horrible and be prepared to wait 30 minutes to an hour for entrees. I see this a lot in mom and pop local restaurants, great food, but they have no idea how to be efficient and create a dining experience that is as good as the food. I really hope that the owner pays attention to these reviews be because there is so much potential here. Let me give a specific example of the lack of efficiency with this place. They were on a wait because they were holding 4 tables for reservations. I'm fine with a little wait, but there was no reason for a wait. I watched 3 tables stay dirty for over 10 minutes while 3 parties waited to be seated. In the mean time, nobody was showing up for the reservations, so now there were 7 tables (almost half the restaurant) not being sat because 1)tables were not being bussed because if the lack of staff and 2) they were holding tables for people that were not there yet. What should have happened was the tables that were ready should have been sat right away with walk-ins and the 3 dirty tables should have been bussed i a reasonable about of time to accommodate the reservations. When you have reservations, you have to be able to use tables like puzzle pieces and not hold specific tables for specific parties (unless its a large party and only certain tables can accommodate them). It's as if the people running this restaurant have no experience running a busy restaurant. They need help with organization and help with the basic day to day functions of running an establishment that wants to grow and thrive in a competitive market. Also, I've eaten here probably 5 times and I've always felt the wait for food is wayyyy too long. They need some help in the food prep organization to execute food in a timely manor. Yes, it can be done.
A vegan breakfast oasis. Service was a bit slow, but the friendly and helpful staff compensated for that.
As usual, I am starting of the morning fresh and exposing my partner to some Cuban inspired vegan delights before we hit the field.  

The look on my partners face was priceless once she saw me take a left below the under pass on M.L.K. since in not quite the nicest area and can make any normal human being throw on their crook brows with a quickness.  It's kinda like that movie scene in  Judgment Night, with Emelio Estevez and Jeremy Piven, as they took a wrong turn into the ghetto...except the dude in House of Pain don't squeeze off no rounds at you.  

Pura Vida is the epitome of what "mom and pop" shops signify.  The location and building provides an added unique feel as if you are in Cuba (entertaining three idea of what it would feel like if I ever visited Cuba).  It almost feels like I may get kidnapped and thrown in jail for saying the wrong thing, not to offend anyone.  Again, my partner looked skeptical about the whole situation while I assured it was worth it, as far as vegan dishes go.

Went with the Pura Vida pumpkin butternut yam chipotle chili with a side of 4 empanadas and their famous salsa chips.  Our waitress offered some samples of their naturally flavored water which were all delicious and very refreshing.  Fortunately, the meal was shared since it was very filling.  We both enjoyed the flavorful offerings that made us forget the dish was meatless.

The owner did her round as usual and very friendly.  Our waitress is very peppy and some say she can be a little particular, but was very informative when explaining the menu items.

This is one of the foremost vegan joints in town, so if you are looking for that flavor, why not spice it up with a Cuban twist.
I went to Pura Vida this morning at 7:10 to avoid any long waits. I usually go to bed at 6 AM so I was surprised I was still up. I talked to Cindy about my Groupon options and she was very helpful. I ended up with the Latin'Tude and Tha Waffle. Everything here is made fresh and cooked to order. So even though I was their first customer, I had to wait 40 minutes for my togo. I had no problem with it. I came home and ate a third of Tha Waffle. It was fluffy and the hint of cinnamon was perfect. I have yet to try my Latin'tude. Cindy did suggest calling ahead of time or placing a reservation the night before if I was in a rush next time. It's a cute little spot with great food! I'll be coming back.
I can't say enough good things about this place. I'm not vegan nor a vegetarian. First, this is one of the few vegan/ vegetarian or just healthy living restaurants in Vegas. The chef knows how to make unique dishes as well as simple, classics but better. My favorites are the quesadilla- it has these delicious roasted peppers and bean stuff- and I also love the grilled cheese- made with amazing pecan bread. The owner is great, and they have wifi. What more can you ask for? I know... Please stay open later! I have to return and try the waffles, and I'll add an update.
This place is unique and quaint! I love it here! Kinda pricey and the location sucks, but the food is amazing and the staff is very nice!!
The food was good. Portions were huge.  The chef continued to not talk very nicely to her employees.   But the staff was extremely nice and knowledgeable.
Wow meal is huge!!! And delicious. New dish Love in a Bagel was wonderful, too.
I went in here when I visited Las Vegas in mid August.

We had a reservation on Sunday at 1 PM, but we went in at 12: 00 PM. Oh Boy, was Chef a bit angry at the Waitress because we came in earlier lol. But hey, we got in and sat down anyway. There were 2 more tables filled out of 8 tables. We were 3 tables with customers at that hour.

We ordered a Sampler meal (forgot the name. It had a main dish with empanadas,potatoes, zucchini noodles, cucumbers and salsa. Side dish was 2 pancakes). This was delivered at 1 PM, 45 mins after we ordered.Idiotic! It tasted alright..a little bit char taste in potatoes. Maybe because carribean food is in BBQ style?

Then, we decided to order Quesedilla. While we waited, a group of 4 came in for a take out and the Chef came out and outright denied to serve them. I felt it created a BAD vibe to all of us to shoo away others that way with no valid reason. The restaurant still had 1 more hour to close!!!

Quesedilla was served after 45 mins and had a burnt taste to it. It was stuffed with peppers/onions. Again, it had Zuchcni noodles on the side, Chipotle sauce dip. At this point, Chef came and stood next to us expecting a pat on her back from me. I did not pat her nor compliment her. I said the food is alright and not bad. I asked her why she shooed away some customers who came in 30 mins ago.  She said "I cannot accommodate them because we are about to close". My foot. Then, I asked what her aspirations were & her vision for her restaurant. She said "I do not intent to serve in this location" (which was shady by the way) "& I am meant to be at a bigger place". Good luck lady!

That condescending attitude never helps anyone become successful in any business.

if you do not mind getting bad vibes while you eat there, give it a try. Or else, you are better off trying a new vegan dish at home & be happy.
WOW WOW WOW - - if you are a vegetarian or vegan (or neither!) and are anywhere near Las Vegas this place is a MUST. The chef is the eccentric Chef Mayra who is passionate about food and flavors and her dishes are nothing short of AMAZING. 

I am a vegetarian (not Vegan) but while in Vegas I brought non-vegetarians/non-vegans with me to this place and they are the ones who kept suggesting we go back to Pura Vida!! How often has a vegetarian heard that request from non-vegetarians?!? 

It's an extensive menu with a ton of options. Ingredients are all fresh, and every dish is so creative and flavorful. 

Portion sizes are great (for table sharing) and beautifully presented. We tended to over-order just to sample more dishes (the servers were great in helping us pack food to go). 

They are open till just past lunch (their website has the hours, closed Thursdays). 

The building and decor are basic...but Tell Chef Mayra that you found out about her restaurant from Yelp and she will really go all out...she loves people who are as passionate about food as she is !! You should have seen her excitement to come out of the kitchen and design a menu for us !! Take her (or the server's) suggestions... they will steer you in the right direction. 

Over the course of our visits, we tried about 10 dishes and all were excellent !!! It's a short drive from the strip and it's really not to be missed !!!!
Outstanding vegan food, obsessive environment. Seems like an episode of Portlandia every time i go there. The multiple disorganized menus are a mess, and if it's your first time there they have a long speech about the entire thing.  They usually only have half of the menu available and you will likely want to tell them to stop talking. I have been coming to this place since it opened and have watched the chef gradually become a stressed out rude diva which the waitresses are clearly stressed and irritated with. The waitresses seem like they want to sit down and join you, so forget a quiet brunch. I have watched many patrons endure the manic environment for the food. It helps to sit outside, but the food is usually worth it.
I love the food.  Everything was delicious.  I was very impressed with the desert.  I will be returning!
The Bad
1. We used a Groupon and the waitress showed us what we could and couldn't eat off the menu...Then she said: "after you spend the 20 dollars you can order anything? I said "Do you have another menu for people not using Groupon." (I was Joking) She actually said: "yes?" I said "can I see it?" She really said: "Im sorry, I cant show it to you till you order $20 worth of food." I said "hahahahahahaha that's to funny, really? She said: "Im sorry, but really." I said: "Well im going to order 20 worth of food I PROMISE!" She said: "I believe you and I sorry its the owner not me." I said: "I understand, lets order that 20 bucks worth of food so I can see the secret menu." She laughed...
2. It smelled kinda funny, but the watress said it was coming from outside and was temporary (I believed her)
3. I got (My Love) and if I wanted 2 oz of salsa or Chipotle Cream it was $2 more each.
Regular coffee $4
The Bad/Good
1. It was a really weird location...I kinda like abuse so I enjoyed that
The Good
1. I loved the waitress and kinda felt bad for her (She was very nice)
2. I ordered (the love)I was kinda forced to haha... It was AMAZING! 
3. My wife Ordered Waffles with Blueberries (again kinda by force) AMAZING
4. I really liked the ambiance, It was a humble but nicely decorated place
The Best
1. Im very happy that unlike my wife I can eat meat...haha?
I will go back for sure, it was really good and now I know all the rules haha
Ok my husband is vegetarian and our daughter and I are vegan.  I would have loved to give this place higher stars because we loved the food.  The food was fresh, innovative and very flavorful.  The chef was clearly very passionate about her food and it was reflected in her dishes.  Beautiful presentation and delicious.  The reason I feel unable to  give them more stars are a couple of minor things.  First the menu's were very confusing.  They handed us three menus and it was overwhelming to read through them and figure out what to order.  The kitchen was out of at least 25% of the menu which was confusing when we were sat down.  My other beef is that they charge for literally everything.  They have their dishes as is on the menu, and then they push to upsale you on extra's such as onions, salsas, sauces.  The chef even came out and stated how a sandwich would be amazing with certain added ingredients.  The prices were already a bit steep and then with any with additions, you can very easily take a $12 sandwich and pay close to $18 for a sandwich!  The way I feel is for the price, make the sandwich with all of those ingredients and allow the customer to omit, versus add and pay the cost for it.  The staff continued to suggest trying sauces and salsas with our food and my husband unknowingly agreed until I warned him that they were all $2 each time.  We had $10 of extras to our bill :( Otherwise, fun and interesting vegan food.  Worth the drive off the strip to find it.  I just feel they need to lay off the upsale, it felt a bit like a car salesman.  IF they insist of charging $2 for these extra's, make them decent portions and not these tiny little cups that can barely cover a full sandwich.
Went here during a trip to vegas.  Shared the WOW puff pastry and the quesadilla poblano, and a roo tea.  Everything was amazing, and the service was wonderful too.  Definitely worth the trip off the beaten path!
I am giving 5 stars for the excellent food. We will definitely be coming back here for the amazing food. We had a short stack which was actually a really big stack and it was really good. We also shared the breakfast empanadas also really good. They brought us a bean dip and chips for the wait which was also really good and  will make me want to order it again. 

I also am giving it 5 stars for funkyness and happy chaos. Our waitress was really friendly, the chef is very passionate and we saw her talk to customers about the food and the wait  staff about the service. It is disorganized and we waited 45 minutes for our food, but the food was so worth it and I enjoyed our waitress and the chef.

I also give it 50 stars because it is a vegan restaurant  that is against animals being served as food!!!! I am in absolute agreement with that!

If you are in a hurry or expect a high end decor, then go to the Wynn. If you want great food in big portions come here. Our breakfast at the Wynn Tableau restaurant cost us twice as much as here. It was good and the portions were smaller but for food, I pick here.

If they do get better organized and improve the decor this place will be outstanding!
Latin-tude = awesome. 
Empanadas with vegan chili = booyah. 
The service was just as good as the food too, made me feel like a king. :) Thanks again Chef Myra!!!
I love this place. The food is amazing. The vegan grilled cheese sandwich Is worth the drive from Overton. I wouldn't go to Vegas at all except for I'd miss Chef Mayras amazing creativity. The chocolate peanut butter French toast, yum.
This place is a diamond in the rough!  Thank goodness my sister lives in Vegas otherwise I'd never eat here. I had the Jase Veggie Wrap, with marinated tofu and roasted veggies. You must get the chips and salsa!  It comes warm with black beans. Everything is vegan and there are a ton of options!  The owner is so nice and such a working machine.  She is so smart and educating on sustainability. The iced latte is a liquid dream. I'm pretty sure it's made with coconut milk. Actually I just asked and it is half coconut milk and half soy. We will be back!  Great service!
The energy of the control freak-owner-waitress-hostess-busboy-roofer-car mechanic overwhelms the enjoyment of the better than average vegan fare. Get the grilled cheese, easy cheese and be ready to wait for it.
The food was good (empanadas and puff) and the presentation was beautiful. However the prices seemed a bit high and the waitress and chef were very harried and made it a stressful dining experience.
This is a tough one.

After reading through all the other reviews more thoroughly *after* my experience, I was glad to see that I'm not crazy and that my experience wasn't unique.

My boyfriend and I arrived at 1:30pm on a Saturday.  My mistake - I thought they were open until 2:00pm as per the Yelp app, but the Chef vigorously and almost frantically informaed us that they closed at 1:45pm, therefore they only had 5 items available. We mentioned that that was fine since we only had an hour anyway since we were headed to the airport.  This invoked another frantic explanation about how she needed TIME to prepare the food and couldn't be RUSHED.  This whole encounter was stressing me out...

I asked if we could get anything to go and she pointed out some vegan cupcakes then mentioned she could get us some chili! Awesome!!  Chili it is!!  We ordered two servings of chili to go.

We sat down at an empty table to wait for our chili.  There was only one other couple in the restaurant and they appeared to be done with their meal - i.e. no plates or silverware, enjoying coffee.  We continued to wait.

After about 10 minutes I stood up to clarify our order with the guy behind the register.  We ordered chili to-go, right?  The guy called out to inquire about the status of the chili and the Chef burst out of the kitchen saying, yes, you ordered it to go, right? Right? I'm preparing it to go.  Right? That's what I understood. To go!!

The whole experience was just kind of bizarre. And dramatic. And borderline rude.

Not to mention that while we we waiting a group of four came in.  They got the same frantic explanation about the limited menu. They chose to sit down.  They made the mistake of bringing in outside drinks (iced coffees).  Now, while I was waiting I spied the signs about outside drinks not being allowed.  I then watched the chef approach the table and just take the drinks from the customers and put them in the garbage. No verbal explanation. No, "Hey, would you like to finish that? We don't allow outside drinks." She just took them from the customers and threw them away. REALLY?? The customers were kind of playing along with the drama, but you could tell that that action was a direct hit.

Finally the two 16 oz containers of chili come out.  Yay! Then he rings me up. $10 per serving??  I'm sorry, that seems high to me. $21.62 for two medium sized containers to go??  Whatever, just give me my food.

And now onto the food!  The one thing I ordered.  It was a pumpkin, squash, black bean chili.  It was excellent! The mixture was seasoned really well, the flavors and textures were well combined... it was some of the best vegan chili I've ever had!

I really wanted to have a great experience.  The cool, divey exterior, the photos of adopted turkeys on the walls, the fact it was a fully-vegan shop... but I didn't. And honestly, I don't think I would go back.

Footnote: as we  were leaving and getting ready to pull out of the parking lot, the group of four has decided to leave as well.  I don't blame them.
By far my favorite vegan spot in town. It truly feels like you are getting a meal from the vegan family you never had. Chef mya even sat at our table and chopped it up with us. Good people and bomb ass food. The wait time is long, but please expect this as you are getting extremely fresh food.
The food was awesome, the prices were high, the experience was dramatic and stressful. I walked in with my girlfriend, my mom and my dad right at 9:00 when they opened on Sunday. We were told that since we didn't make reservations to take a card and make reservations next time.(I tried to call them at 8:30 to make reservations that morning but there was no answer). The chef was pretty stressed that we had no reservations but she reluctantly  sat us in the "VIP" area. 
There was one other table of people eating when we sat down. A few more tables came in while we were eating but it never got full so I didn't get the whole reservation thing. 
The first thing out of the mouth of our waitress was, "let me tell you what we don't have". Not the best way to start. After a loooong and confusing  explanation of what we could and could not order, we decided on a few things. 

The food took a while but when it came out it was awesome. Really fresh and super yummy. The chef came over to talk to us at one point about animals and why we shouldn't eat them. I'm vegan. I get it. I respect her passion and generally like quirky, eccentric people but my advice would be to take it down a notch and chill. 
Everything is going to be alright.
I enjoyed the food, the plethora of vegan options, and the super friendly staff.  

I did not enjoy the location (kinda sketchy).  The menu was also very disorganized.  The waitress, although super sweet, was all over the place.  I did not like how it took forever to get the food.  The waitress suggested we order the salsa dip and chips, as it was going to take a while for the food to come out.  So we did.  It was actually pretty good.  I ended up using the salsa as a condiment to my vegan breakfast wrap--it was that good.  We also ordered the vegan chocolate waffles stuffed with bananas (I had originally wanted strawberries, but they only had bananas).  It was kind of pricy, but I think it may be justified considering the fresh ingredients used in every dish.  Overall, the food is good, but the wait and the location are what brings this place down for me.  I'd come back, but I wouldn't make a conscious effort to hit this place up.
I went back to Pura 2 days ago..
Remember I was complaining about regular coffee costing $4?
Its $5 now Haha, O how I miss the days when you could get $4 dollar coffee ha ha
Food was really good and wait staff was still very nice.
Oya, I asked if I could get some more chips to go with the dip I had left, And both the waiter and waitress laughed and said the owner is going to charge you.
The owner really needs to loosen up a little, I MEAN A LOT lol
PS they were just regular corn chips, the kind a Mexican restaurant will fill you up on for free! WITH FREE SALSA!
This was one of the best Vegan meals I've ever had.

Truly, this is gourmet, fresh, high-quality fair the kind I never thought I'd find in Las Vegas.

I'm an avid Yelper.  I read primarily the negative comments to see how perceptions and expectations should be set prior to going anywhere so that I always have the best possible time.

The negative reviews of this place all speak to the delicious food.  And it is.  Well worth any need to adjust your expectations to have an experience like this.

Chef Mayra is a wonderful passionate experienced practitioner of the culinary arts and you will reap the rewards of that level of quality if you are willing to align yourself with the decorum and respect this level of the art demands.

Keep up the great work Chef!

We'll be back to LV to experience more of your seasonal deliciousness sometime soon.
Came here for lunch on Thanksgiving eve about an hour before they were to close.

The chef (who we did not know at that time) told us right when we walked in that there was a limited menu and our server would let us know what. We ordered only to have the chef come out and insist that we needed to get the pastry puff. She sold it well so we agreed.

The food was excellent! Beautiful flavors and made well. Here's what we had:
1. Chili + empanadas
2. Burrito
3. Pastry dish
4. Raspberry lemonade

Because we agreed to order one extra dish we had not planned to but believed her about the goodness of the dish we ended up having to take home so much food and had no room for dessert. Everything tasted great though.

We had plans to visit another place for dessert but chef Mayra was very "hard sell" about having dessert or buying a pie. I would agree with reviewer Molly from Berkeley. She needs to chill and let her food do the talking. One chef visit was good, coming back a second time was overkill. Suggestion: They should have a "chef's favorites" or "chef's recommendations" listed so diners know what food to order rather than have the chef come out.

Would recommend this place for the food and service but the chef visits needs to be toned down to make it a more un-coerced dining experience.
Food is fabulous, chef is obviously brilliant. I cannot wait to go back. We were told it would take some time and that was fine. Be ready to eat a lot of delicious foods!
Came here for brunch with a friend while we were here for a conference. We shared a tofu scramble and stack of pancakes with bananas on the side.

There was so much food! And everything was absolutely delicious. I was disappointed that they didn't have any coffee. That's the only reason I didn't give 5 stars. Excellent staff and fantastic service. 

The food was super filling and we had to leave behind a few pancakes because we just couldn't cram down anymore. 

If you are vegan and in the area, absolutely go pay them a visit. Don't be fooled by the exterior of the place. Trust me, your tummy and your conscience will thank you.
A friend referred me and I love this place...
Great service Great food.... The chef is amazing... The food is fresh and served to order.... If I was rich I would personally hire the chef as my personal chef so I can personally eat her cooking everyday.... This is definitely my fav spot so far... I highly recommend it....
As a foodie, I am dedicating this review solely to the amazing food... Not the location, customer service, or the simplicity of ordering. 

We stayed at the Wynn, where there are plenty of veggie options and I would choose this spot's food over the gourmet options there...hands down! I can recommend the empanadas, chili, and the breakfast scramble....all absolutely amazing. Enough food for breakfast the next morning too! Wish this spot was in Cali...I'd be there weekly! 

Note: the condiments really do complement the food perfectly...make sure to use them as instructed!
Evidently weekends are their busy days and I can see why! Their food is fabulous! Despite waiting a little bit everything about this restaurant is great. I can't wait to see what's in store for Pura Vida I know it will do so well over time, and hopefully move to a bigger location so more people can enjoy their great week/weekend specials.
Horrible service.  Glaciers form faster than the kitchen can make the simplest dishes.  The menu is a schizo mess with half of the items not even available.  Food is just OK, nowhere near amazing like they imagine.  There are so many better options for delicious fresh vegetarian food in Vegas.
Great location for people watching in Fashin Show mall--it's located between the two escalators to the lower half of the mall. Coffee is good, and they have pastries, sandwiches and other confections. Staff is friendly; we were greeted three times by three different employees when we walked in.

Not a great place to sit and work. There's no WIFI, and AT&T signal was spotty at best. There are a few tables with power outlets.
This is a branch of the famed Red Velvet Cafe on Sahara.

This spot is the perfect spot to grab a latte and a delicious sweet treat to enjoy between shopping expeditions. Their dessert selections are massive with lots of different cakes and their signature red velvet cake. Most of their desserts are vegan-friendly. And we all know that their cakes are soooo delicious. 

The cafe also serves up some real food...there are salads and sandwiches (a small selection from their full menu) that is available. You can get them freshly made or you can get them boxed up in their counter if you need food in a rush. 

I think this is a great option to have in the strip. It's a quick, healthy treat for anyone's lifestyle and the location is stellar!
Convenient, good, and friendly.

The food court on one side of the mall and Red Velvet on the other. Talk about convenience. If you're by the Macy's area and want something quick to eat, well, here it is. It's right in between the escalators by the Brookstone's and the ABC store.

They only had 10 minutes 'til closing so we opted to get the tiramisu to go. We were advised by a friendly guy behind the counter  to heat up the tiramisu for 30 seconds before eating it because it wasn't a typical tiramisu and " heating it up will make it moister." The bf absolutely disliked it, but then again it was his first time eating something vegan. I on the other hand, thought it was decent. Its vegan, so no egg, that means the texture was rough but moist. Total cost: 6 bucks.
I loved the location because of it's convenience in the Fashion show mall.  I stayed at the Trump and sometimes didn't feel like walking to the Wynn for my vegan meals.

I had the Apple vegan cake and their banana cake.  both were delish.  a bit too sweet for my taste, but I am asian (korean desserts are less sweet than american counterparts).  One day, I got the Buffalo Chickn wrap...amazing stuff!  yummy!  Spinach Chickn not as good though.

Lots of vegan options available.  My only disappointment is that it didn't seem very busy anytime I went there.  Hopefully it will be there when I return to LV!
Friend and I stopped here for lunch at the Fashion Show and were pleasantly surprised by the vegan and vegetarian options.  She ordered the chicken provolone sandwich (vegan style) and I chose the chicken spinach wrap (regular, no changes).  I was a little disappointed with my wrap, as it was on the bland side....I hoped for a bit more flavour, especially since it came with a pesto mayo, but nope.  However, the amount of spinach that came with the wrap (and in the actual tortilla) should do me for the next year or so!  We were too full to try a cookie or cake, but will shoot for that next time.  Service was very friendly.

I liked the location of this Red Velvet as it was tucked under the elevator.    Kind of made it seem like it was in a different world than the rest of the bustling mall.  :)
I've been a fan of the original Red Velvet Cafe since it opened.  I knew they had opened this location but really just stumbled upon it at the mall.  It was a nice surprise since I wasn't looking for it.  It's a great place to catch a break from shopping and feel like you are tucked away underneath the escalators.  It seems to be primary their dessert selection in the case with some sandwiches and salads and a scaled down order menu from their original location.  Of course my two favorite items are priced a little higher then the original location but that didn't stop me from getting my cookie fix.
I absolutely love this spot. I went to the first location a while back and when i heard they opened one up inside fashionshow I went belistic!@# My favorite now is the Banana Split Cake! of course its VEGAN and it surpassed my love for the Velvet Cake. Both very sweet so I would recommend sharing or having a nice tall glass of water and or tea to go with it. I have also tried their cookies and cream cake but it wasn't as moist and yummy as the banana split. 
The only food i've tried there other than dessert is the guacamole. The amount of guacamole served was so large my boyfriend and I were very full before we even touched the cakes! I love avocados and so I was pleased to have some that were FRESH and with healthy types of chips, not the white flour type. 
The service is always great and I liked how they fitted a small cafe in between escalators but were able to look cosy and not smashed up. I can not wait to go back to try some other cakes i saw but were not able to fit into  my stomach!
This was one of the best places we ate in Vegas.  The prices were actually reasonable (I pause for a moment for the shock to settle in...yes, reasonable food prices in Vegas) and it wasn't crowded for dinner.  

The place is a little confused about whether it's a sit down restaurant or an order at the counter joint but the manger tried very hard to please and came over a few times to make sure everything was alright.  My sandwich was delicious and so was my wife's.  The chocolate cake for dessert was warmed up for us and absolutely delicious and dairy free!  

I would definitely go back here on a return trip and recommend the restaurant to veganites and non-vegans alike.
Vegan and non-vegan choices. I had the vegan buffalo chicken wrap, which was really good. The vanilla chocolate chip cake was amazing!  You would not believe it was vegan. Sooo delicious!
Great service, amazing food and reasonable prices. Can't get better than that! A vegetarian/vegan paradise. Trust me, you won't believe the cakes are vegan and low-cal. They are so moist and delicious, not to mention sinfully sweet. We had the chocolate chip cake and I can't wait to try more varieties.
I love you!!!! My favorite vegan restaurant, great food, and amazing staff. Thank you =D
Yay, another good Vegan restaurant in Vegas. Good food, cool atmosphere.
Red Velvet Cafe. J'adore.

I've never had a bad meal at this place. It's good for anyone with any dietary restrictions. They offer VEGAN, VEGETARIAN, GLUTEN FREE, HEALTHY, and CARNIVORE options.

They offer a variety of salads, wraps, smoothies, fish, chicken, boca, and sandwiches. Most of which are served with chips or a salad (full of yummy field greens - no iceberg here). There are several smoothies (which are HUGE and are meals within themselves). 

My go-to lunch is the tuna panini with the side salad. 

You have to save room for dessert here. They have a VEGAS red velvet cake that's150 calories. Yes, you read that correctly. RED. VELVET. CAKE. VEGAN. 150. CALORIES. It's delicious. It's not on par with my favorite red velvet indulgence (please see: Retro Bakery), but it doesn't make me feel guilty and it does the trick!

There are lots of vegan and vegetarian baked goods. There is a whole counter and they make their calories known. They have amazing vegan chocolate chip cookies. 

Red Velvet Cafe is a nice place to have a pretty guilt-free meal.
Vegan lunch? Yes! At the mall? Yes! Wonderful food even for a non-vegan? A resounding Yes!

Lunched with my daughter who is vegan at Red Velvet Cafe at the mall over the holiday and we thoroughly enjoyed sharing the 'chicken-provolone' panini with fresh spinach. Crunchy, crispy deliciously tender bread with vegan pesto spread enveloped the gardien filling. We also enjoyed the Mexican hot chocolate which you can have made w soy milk or regular. Highlight of our lunch? The vegan chocolate chip cookies were lacking nothing!

Our server told us this is a family owned business - we felt the love! We'll be back.
My cousin and I happened to be walking around the mall (my idea), and happened upon Red Velvet Cafe. We didn't realize it was a chain of cafes, and we were at the one on Sahara the night before (also a location we happened upon). We didn't have the chance to try their savory foods, so this was our opportunity to try it out. Their whole menu (and lunch specials) are vegan and vegetarian friendly! They pretty much cater to all appetites and diets, which is really nice, since I was dining with my omnivore cousin, who wasn't in the mood for a greasy burger.

We both got grilled chicken sandwiches, though I got the vegan version. They were both served with roasted potatoes (yum!). It wasn't the best vegan chicken sandwich I've had, but it was really good for the price and convenience. They also have Dry Sodas, which was a nice touch. I wish I lived nearby so I could sample some more, but I guess it's just another reason to visit Vegas again...
There aren't many vegetarian choices in the mall so I was excited to try this place. I got a spicy chicken wrap. It was fresh and tasted really good. The meatless chicken was not the best I've ever had, but that was probably just a personal preference. They have options for just about any type of eater here. The waitress was very friendly and helped me with my questions. Next time I will try the desserts.
Love this place! I'm addicted to their red velvet cake!
Ok entrees... wraps and salads.  Relatively cheap compared to most restaurants on the strip.

The chocolate cake is pretty good.  The ladies all swoon over it.
We were in Vegas for 2 days, staying across the street at the Wynn.  We ate here twice.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas, purely so I can have their Red Velvet Cake again (It's vegan and 150 calories.  WHAAATT??).  It's sweet, but not overly sweet.  One thing I love about vegan desserts, is that without the buttery taste that coats your mouth, you can actually taste the nuances of each ingredient, and that was so totally the case here.  And the cream cheese frosting- Holy Lord!  I'll be honest: It had me doing the math for how many I could actually eat in one day and stay within my target caloric intake (12 on a workout day, 10 on a non-workout day).

They also have maybe the best chocolate chip cookies I've ever had, vegan or not.  The spiced hummus w/pita was pretty damn amazing.  Great soy milk lattes.  They serve vegan wine (in the mall!!!), but we didn't have any.  We got the vegan Buffalo Chicken Wrap to go, so we could eat at while waiting for our plane at the airport.  As we were leaving the server ran up and said "Did you want a vegan wrap?," to which we replied "Uh, yes."  He then said "I'm sorry, I don't think I told the chef that.  Let me go have them fix it."  It made me slightly nervous that he forgot that, but I am so thankful he caught it.

The reason this place gets 4 stars is because we ordered another box of chocolate chip cookies to go with our wrap, and while were waiting, I watched, from our seats at the bar, the following go down: About 5 minutes after we placed our order, a lady comes to the counter and orders a box of chocolate chip cookies and some other stuff.  The lady helping her picks up the box of chocolate chip cookies from the case and says "You're in luck- you got the very last box."  While she was taking the rest of her order, our server and the manager go up to her and start whispering to her.  The lady working behind the counter says "Well, if someone already ordered it, why wasn't there a 'reserved' sticker on it?"  Our server then comes back to us and tells us "I'm sorry, we're actually out of chocolate chip cookies."  I don't think he knew that I saw them sell the box that was supposed to be ours to someone else, but I didn't feel like being a petty asshole about it (I just wanted to rant about it later on Yelp, obviously), so we just got some oatmeal raisin cookies to go.

We didn't eat the Buffalo Wrap at the airport because we were too full from stuffing our face with all of said oatmeal raisin cookies.  I ate half of the wrap the next day, and half the day after that, and even as leftovers- the wrap was pretty wonderful.

PS- the first day we ate there, the owner was there, and said he is looking to open a location in West Hollywood.  Possibly on Sunset.  I think I'm going to see if there's a mailing list I can get on, so I know exactly when this blessed day arrives...
This review is for this location in particular, as a loyal RVC customer for a couple of years, I have never had a bad meal or dessert from the Sahara location. I have had several of their wraps, sandwiches and desserts but my favorite has always been the taco salad and the chocolate chip cookies. I went to this location about 3 weeks ago and ordered my usual, I don't get rice with my taco salad, my salad tasted great, no worries. So I went today with a friend, I recommend she get the taco salad, she ordered with no rice, the server told us that we can't have beans then because it's mixed with the rice, I questioned her and she responded "yeah it's like that at this location" ok so she ordered it anyways. It came out very dry, you could tell that it was pre made probably at the other location and delivered here. I had the orzo shrimp salad, which was decent buy nothing special. I can tell that the desserts that they sell at Whole Foods and at this location definitely aren't fresh, not cool when you're paying $6 each. We walked out paying $55 for lunch and left disappointed.
I love the cakes! ...and also find the vegetarian friendly "meat" options on all entrees quite yummy. It's not gourmet, but for vegan lo-cal desserts, they are freaking delicious and guilt-free. They pull off what they are (vegan friendly, healthy, affordable food and desserts) perfectly!
So far, I live this place. I've had the taco salad, red velvet cupcake, chocolate chip cookies, and strawberry cream cake. It's hard to believe that all of it is vegan because they taste so great and the textures are right. 
     The taco salad is excellent. The crispy tortilla bowl is actually baked. Then it's loaded with beans, rice, flavorful taco "meat", shredded lettuce, and avocado. It's giant and it's under 500 calories (said the server).
    The red velvet cupcake was served warm. It's a bit dense, tastes rich and satisfying, but is not really oily. I mean, it seems like less fat was used in this than other cakes I've had elsewhere.  That would make sense because the huge cupcake with the frosting is 150 calories (claims the server).
    The chocolate chip cookies are great. There's something about the texture. Slightly crispy outside, chewy everywhere else. 
    Skip the strawberry cream cake. I can't say much for it. The flavor is fine, but it's texture is a bit too heavy. It was denser than the red velvet. But also under 200 cals.
     So, what I don't understand is why there's nothing posted anywhere about the calorie count! If it truly is that unbelievably low, wouldn't you advertise it as such? Makes me think it's all BS! But, the food is still really good for the price. Vegan food is usually so much more costly, but this place is a really delicious bargain...and easy on the hips (they claim!!!)
I was very happy to find vegan food on the strip, but the meal I had here was entirely flavorless. I threw away most of the tofu and veggie entre. The lemon cake was a bit too dense, but pretty good, just not as good as some vegan bakeries I've been too. Good enough, but not delicious.
The service in the Fashion Show Mall location is so great.  They are always happy to see you.  They check on you throughout your meal and ensure everything is just right.  The price and portions are great.
Great variety of vegan and vegetarian options! The vegan chicken quesadilla is the best. The employees are very friendly also
Almost everything can be made vegan at Red Velvet Café...hooray!  Now with all the options, something I am a stranger to, I was in quite the conundrum when it came to actually picking something.  

My dining partner and I began with the fire fries entrée, consisting of baked potatoes of various color, hot sauce, Pico de Gallo, and vegan cheese - these were some pretty tasty potatoes, I'm a fan!  So I narrowed my choice of entrée down to the paninis and went with the recommendation of the waiter, the California Panini.  It was a good sandwich overall, but the fake turkey was made with the popular fake meat brand from Asia (if you know of the product name, please let me know), a fake meat that I am in no way a fan of.  I picked the fake meat off and was left with tomatoes and avocados, still good but not substantial.  The food is truly good here and I will go again, but next time I will order the veggie panini.
I love FOOD and always wanted too try something vegan just never done it yet. Old roommate was in town visiting wanted too get Red Velvet Cake for his wife take back. She loves one from Red Velvet Cafe. Main location on Sahara closed Sundays but thankfully this store was open. I never knew had one in fashion show mall till yelped it. Thank you yelp!!!

We both ordered the Red Velvet Cake too go. It lot smaller then the main one on Sahara. I never really seen a kitchen so thinking most of it made at the main store. Everything they selling was in deli style display, all boxed in clear plastic containers (so could clearly see the product; everything looked fresh and could tell they pay attention too details aka decoration), clearly labeled name and price, and they do have tables that sit down have lunch or dinner. I ordered too go. Everything looked good all the cakes, muffins, salads, and sandwiches. They have espresso machine if wanted more then coffee. 

The Red Velvet Cake was AWESOME! I had my reservations comes too vegan food but mostly that comes from the unknown. I am always health conscious but vegan don't know that many places except for this one and not something that crave. But WOW after my experience just might have too try more vegan! =) I surprise that the cake was moist, great depth of flavor, frosting perfect compliment, and strawberry too top nice fresh sweet no bruises on it. Really if you never told me it was vegan I would have no idea. Sure next stop by make point try more of the menu. Red Velvet Cake is winner!!!!!!!!!!!

The service was wonderful. The only thing negative is the location tucked in far back next too set of escalators. So depending on direction walking around the mall might miss it. We found it looking at the map so not miss it. Thankfully never did.
Such a relief after all the unhealthy, overpriced restaurants on the Strip! This little, ultra-modern cafe offers vegan and non-vegan masterpieces that are healthy and delicious ... and also decadent, if you like. The pizzas are amazing, as are the wraps and the cakes. Really you can't go wrong. Try the cucumber soda. It's a revelation. And the prices are so reasonable, especially for The Strip!
Came here for a late lunch on our second day in Vegas. Overall, their food was alright. I think I ordered one of their best dishes - spicy chicken with green beans on brown rice. Paired that with a cappuccino (not the best coffee). 
I started to get a feeling that this place is somewhat on the healthier end of the scale and it was confirmed after we tasted their cakes - red velvet and chocolate chip cookies cake. They were vegan. I was a little disappointed. The texture of the cakes were not what I was used to (aka butter butter butter) but I've never had vegan food before, so I'm not really one to judge on how good or bad it is - hence the 3stars.
Sadly I wanted to be impressed but I was not.  Being a vegan I actively search out restaurants that have a menu that is vegan friendly.  So today I had some time on my hand and headed to the heavily reviewed Red Velvet Cafe.  Disappointment was what I found.  The menu was a mixture of vegan, vegetarian, and non-veg, which is nice to see a restaurant trying to serve everyone but it is also its downfall.  Instead of innovating vegan or vegetarian dishes they seem to veganize they menu by removing the meat and replacing it with a vegan substitute.  Boring.... I ordered the flatbread with pesto and hummus, vegan style.  They replaced a parmesan cheese with a vegan cheese.  Yuck... It had no flavor.  Pesto should be distinguishable on whatever it is on and it was bland and looked like it was out of a jar.  It tasted like it too. The hummus was also bland and seemed heavily processed and not homemade.  The placed it on the pesto flat bread with a disher/ice cream scoop.  Seriously not an attractive presentation.  the only saving grace of the meal was the beverage.  I ordered the sangria sparkling tea.  Tasty and served with fruit floating it in.  Delish.  $5.50 a glass and no refills is a bit steep though.   Too bad...oh well I have my favorite vegan restaurant in Las Vegas and I am sticking with it.
I have had the worst experience at your restaurant that I have ever had.... and I've been to some dives.

I came in sat down was told the table was reserved and to please move.  We moved and waited to be seated.... then we were taken back to the first table we sat down at within 5 minutes of being asked to move. I asked for a refill I got a refill on my iced tea no ice. I ordered but was given no silverware for my salad. My spicy chicken panni was ordered w/ no tomatoes, I got tomatoes.... and a messy jumble that looked like Tyson chicken nuggets wrapped in a tortialla.  No cheese on one side... nothing but cheese and lettuce on the other.  Your staff took my plate from the waiter and gave expressions indicating they didn't believe me and how dare I criticize them.  I was charged for my meal in full after telling the waiter to send it back, and no I did not want another.
When I got another I took it only to come home and find out it was made even more poorly than the first.

Poor service.  Poor food. and Poor Management.
Had the vegan cookies with frosting in the middle.  incredible!!!! must try them!! 
Can't wait to go back and try some food.  Please open a Red Velvet in Denver!
Vegan and vegetarian options! Yay! Almost everything on the menu can be made v/v and the fake chicken is really good (the waitress said the fake turkey isn't as good FYI). I didn't love my buffalo chicken wrap (too much unmelted cheese, ask for it without cheese) but it was perfectly fine and the two people I was with liked their food. Our waitress was very nice and kept the water coming. I will be back to try the Caprese salad with fake chicken that I spotted on my way out the door :)
I absolutely can't say enough good things about Red Velvet. My friend's and I go to Fashion Show Mall and the Sahara location just for the amazing chocolate chip cookies. It's hard to believe this delicious creation is actually vegan and not even that bad for you, with only 27 calories and half a gram of fat per cookie, you can eat all 6 that come in a $5.50 box and only have to add 160 calories to your total for the day. The cakes are all amazing and if you ever see the brownies, buy 2 because they are wonderful when you let them heat them up. The shrimp orzo salad is delectable and all of the meals are under 450 calories.
Absolutely delicious! Cute and quaint location for a cafe pretty much in the heart of Fashion Show Mall. 
The service received was extremely friendly and notable. 
The food was even more delectable than it looks and it's FRESH everyday. They cater to vegans, vegetarians, and the meat eaters so there is literally something for everyone. The juices are also made daily and made with FRESH fruits! 
I will never forget this cafe and will try to always visit it when in Vegas.
Well I'll be.....very pleasantly surprised. I love red velvet cake so the name of this place instantly caught my eye. It took about 5 mins to decide but I went with the vegan chocolate chip cookies...just seemed to obvious to get the red velvet cake and with the vegas heat I didn't want it to melt. 

Nice texture, not over cooked...as a prefer soft and chewy anyway. I was worried that they wouldn't be sweet, but I was pleasantly surprised. They literally made me say "WOW" outloud...not because they were that great (although very good) but bc they were vegan AND good. I had to look around to make sure no one heard me talking outloud to myself.

I have to admit that I liked them so much that I went back two days later just because I wanted a fresher batch and they informed me that they ship their goods. Big smile!
This place is amazing!!!!!  I have been a fan of theirs since I moved here.  It's a small family owned business and the owners work very hard to make their delightful desserts and they certainly are the best baked goods that I have had here.  If you live closer to the sahara location, the food will be fresh.  Their food is fantastic too.  Their staff has been with them for a long time...and that says a lot!  Hurry and get your red velvet cupcake :)
Quality food with a healthy spin, great service and my favorite, a bar. A bar at a vegan-friendly restaurant in the mall. I know, I was excited too.

I'm not a vegan, but I'm making attempts to embrace vegan cuisine because I'm trying to be more open minded about it. Not all of it tastes or looks like cardboard and Red Velvet does a good job of breaking the vegan food stereotype. They do serve chicken, bacon, shrimp and other regular sources of protein here, so it's a place that can work for everyone.

They have great variety of sandwiches wraps, salads and desserts as well as a wide selection of gourmet teas including varieties on white, green and black teas. They also have your basic coffee drinks, smoothies, and hot chocolate. I usually don't make it a point to call out an establishment's hot chocolate selection, but they  have a Mexican hot chocolate that is....sinful. Rich, chocolatey and smooth-a nice way to warm up in winter and if you spend enough time in the mall, a nice treat to break up a day of shopping.

I prefer their wraps to the sandwiches because while the bread here is good, I find it to be a little too thick for the sandwiches, and they all come pre-made so there's not really a way to get thinner bread slices. I had the buffalo chicken wrap last time I was there and half of it  (with the side salad) was filling enough for lunch. I liked that the buffalo sauce came on the side so you could control how much was on there and the wrap wasn't soggy. 

The service is genuinely friendly here. The staff can be chatty, not in a bad way, and they are happy to make suggestions if asked! You can sit at the bar where they have a selection of wine, beer and specialty mixed cocktails or get regular sit-down service at one of the tables. 

Best of all this is a place that ultimately strives for healthy eating options without being judgmental about it. They aren't completely organic, but there's a heavy focus on it which I can appreciate.

There are lots of mediocre food options at the Fashion Show, Red Velvet is not one of them.
Looking down & spying the bright "Red Velvet Cafe" sign from the upper floor of the Fashion Show mall had me doing a quick search for the closest escalator. If one wasn't nearby, I was considering jumping over the rail and Spidermanning it down to this beacon of red velvet in the middle of a mall. Was I bored with shopping? Sure. Was it time for Red Velvet? It's ALWAYS time for red velvet, foo.

Well, guess what? This isn't just any old corner bakery red velvet cupcake or Grandma's Christmas cake either. It's a Vegan Red Velvet Cake. Yep, VEGAN. Giddy-up cause I'm getting one to eat right then and there. The lady at the counter brought it to our table with two forks and couple glasses of water. The individual cake costs $5.50 and is perfect for sharing or just eating by yourself. Olivia Z. and I split it since we were heading to a buffet in a couple hours.

Soooooo... how was it? Oh, you mean the Vegan Red Velvet Cake. It was great. I don't know how they do it without butter and such, but the flavor was rich, the cake moist, and the frosting near perfect. If you are sick of the uber-sweet fake red velvet at your local supermarket, the Vegan Red Velvet Cake at Red Velvet Cafe is a treat. 

Sure, they have other stuff like sandwiches, salads, coffee, and juices, but save room for a healthier and yummier take on a classic American dessert - the Red Velvet Cake.
One thing Vegas struggles with is offering easy-to-find vegan food, especially close to the Strip.  You have to go to UNLV or Chinatown to find most of it, or to the Wynn/Encore for something fancier.  With my wife being vegan we wanted to find a good place to just chill and grab some lunch and dessert, and we were so happy to find Red Velvet.

The menu prides itself on healthy, organic food, and nearly everything can be made vegan, if it isn't already.  I got the teriyaki chicken mushroom burger twice and it was delicious, if messy as hell.  The chocolate cake was also a nice touch.  They serve coffee too but it is on the expensive side and not particularly worth it.  Go for one of the fruit drinks instead.  

Of all places to find vegan food on the Strip, it's in a random mall.  How funny.  But it was so good we came back three times and we'd go again and again.
This cafe was really good. The location leaves a little to be desired, but the food was definitely good. The cafe is inside of a mall... so I wasn't really expecting much. I loved how it had meat, veggie, or vegan options for almost all of their dishes. I enjoyed one of their specials ~ a vegan Turkey wrap. It was really delish. I bought a pack of vegan chocolate chip cookies for the road, they were also good. Next time I would like to try one of their juices or teas. All of their drinks looked enticing.
So disappointed. Bought a vanilla chocolate chip cake and a red velvet cake  to take home. The vanilla chocolate chip cake was as hard as a rock and the red velvet cake came without a strawberry on top and was not even near the quality I've had there before.  I take dessert home from there a lot, but not anymore. :(
So so so glad this place exists. We visit Vegas often enough as one of our tattoo artists resides there... and it's been a struggle eating at chipotle every day of each trip...  So on this last visit to Vegas we found this awesome place.   
My family came out for our wedding and we decided to try Red Velvet first because they offer vegan and nonvegan food.  I got a cake and a latte, my sister got a different cake and a panini type sandwich.. my parents got wraps, I believe.   Because I only got a cake, my sister gave me a taste of her sandwich... it was so good!!  My dude and I came back twice more in two days.  I got a different sandwich each time and he kept getting the mushroom burger.  
 
Anyway.. it's in a mall... ummm.. the Fashion Show Mall. So it can be busy or noisy but not too bad.  They also do takeout.  

The lattes are incredibly expensive and not that awesome.. If I had noticed on either the first or second visit that they were 6$ a pop, I wouldn't have gotten them 3 times.  There's a starbucks in the mall too, yo.   But no regrets.. ya know.   

The food is really good.  Really, really good.  And very filling.  

I will be back again and again.. every visit, for sure.
Um, Red Velvet Cafe, what the heck happened? I used to wax poetic about the amazing red velvet cake, one that was so much better than any versions I've had back home. I've been to the original location twice, and this mall location once last August. Every time the red velvet cake was a great treat. Vegan! And only 150 calories!

 During my last visit this month, the cake tasted totally different. Not terrible, just blah. Nothing that is worth recommending to friends. In fact, now I feel embarrassed that I ever encouraged people to try it.

At least the service continues to be very friendly.
The peanut butter & jelly cake was served hot. So the peanut butter was runny and the cake was really dry & hard. You couldn't taste the jelly until you got into the center of the cake. Warm grape jelly isn't too great to eat. The latte tastes like any other latte.
oatmeala chocolate chip cookies were good..how can it be such few calories? 
red velvet is good for being 150..omg i want more! it's very chocolatey..
the apple spice..was ok a bit on the sweet side..but still delicious..

i hope their online store opens soon!
I'm surprised this place has so many sterling reviews. When I walked in the first thing we noticed was all of the dust clinging to the light fixtures, ceiling and walls (especially around light switches). Then we sat with our menus waiting...and waiting...and waiting for our order to be taken. The avocado dip and whole wheat chips was an amazing appetizer, and there the good food ended. Our lunches took over 30 minutes to be brought to us when half the cafe was empty. I stood at the counter trying to get someone's attention when the waiter never came back to check on us or give us more water. The floor in the kitchen is covered in food, especially under their rolling racks, and the counter tops where food is prepared are littered with dirty utensils and pieces of food that fell during prep. My chicken salad sandwich was completely bland and had a weird after taste which was such a surprise after the great avocado dip. I even tried to apply pepper to help and wouldn't you know it, my pepper shaker was completely empty. When the waiter finally came back to ask if we needed anything it had been over an hour since we'd sat down and we asked for the check. 

I'd had really high expectations for this place after reading all the reviews and now I have no idea why anybody wants to go back here. The service is horrible, the entree was less than mediocre and not a single person in that place seemed happy to be there. I wanted to try several things on the menu, but I'm not going back again.
Great service and phenomenal food! If your a athlete this is the place to eat out and still stay healthy and have tons of taste!!!
I was excited to introduce my friend to the ridiculously yummy & surprisingly low 27 calorie Chocolate Chip cookie. I'm not a cookie expert but if I had to guess these were made days ago. Definitely not fresh tasting & not editable so we through them away. Boo :( guess I will stick to the original location for fresh product & ask next time when they were made
I was there probably a year ago...Great food and service. The owner (I think) greeted us and brought us our food.  We had a vegan buffalo chicken wrap and a chicken spinach wrap which were both awesome . He told us about the full size restaurant on Sahara Ave which we visited the very next day. Also top notch. Red velvet cupcake was very good too. Just another reason to look forward to my next visit to Vegas.
First time dining here. Vegan Chicken Provolone Panini  is okay. Comes with a side of greens. Downside, pretty small for the $9 price tag. Vegan Spicy Chicken Quesadilla is amazing!! Big portion and extremely flavorful. So delicious! Even though the location is undesirable, I would come back for the quesadilla and the red velvet cake.
If you are looking for a healthy quick bite, Red Velvet could be a good option for you. Everything here is pre-boxed for cafe dinning or to-go. They have great options of salads and wraps. You can add grilled chicken or shrimp on any salad on menu. I ordered nuts and berries salad with grilled chicken ($13) and iced latte($5.5) for a quick lunch. Portion of my salad was decent with lots fresh blueberries. Grilled chicken was perfectly cooked and very juicy. Things are a bit pricey at Red Velvet Cafe. But I guess you have to pay the strip premium to eat inside Fashion Show Mall.
I've frequented the Sahara/Buffalo location since its inception, but this location is closer so its good last min.  I usually get to go items but when decided to dine in... Mistake
- tomatoes in my hummus were rotten, had to debate with waitress over the appearance and getting a fresh plate. 
- Strawberry on red velvet cake tasted funny on the way home, turned on the light to see 1/2  of it covered in mold. Took a picture of it and called management. Got the runaround 
-both cases earned me nothing more than an explanation on how organic food doesn't last long.....Really. 
Julie is the manager, she doesn't take responsibility for customer dissatisfaction, no response to messages left, just didn't G.A.F. And it was evident.
One of few vegan places around town and it does a great job. I've enjoyed their desserts more often than their dining options - but lets chat about both.

If you're hungry for actual nutrition, their plates are actually really good! Be it a sandwich, wrap, or whatever it is - it is often served with a massive helping of a spinach salad. I hope you like spinach, a lot. Lucky for me, I do. Everything is served in a healthy fashion. Cheap ingredients are not in the mix. This is a nice change. And it isn't that expensive considering the quality. There are always options, too, for your style of protein and cheese.

As for desserts - their main things are cupcakes and cookies. Their vegan cookies have made some interesting changes over time but they're always good. Not the best, but good. It's an option rarely had, so points for that. The cupcakes? Ok, they're vegan. But they suffer from "vegan food syndrome." They suck. More often than not dry. Most of the cake part is flavorless and the same no matter which cupcake you get. The frosting, while I understand the hardship of making vegan frosting, is kind of a sugar festival. I only enjoyed one cupcake of theirs, ever, and it was injected with pockets of coffee. It was cool.

Go here. If you leave unhappy, I'd be surprised. If you're a vegan, you've already been here a hundred times I'm sure. For me, I'm here for the cookies.
I did not have the desserts and maybe they're good.  However, I had a wrap from the deli case, and I have had better from an airport.  The chicken seemed process and undercooked.  Salad had wilted lettuce.  

I expected more but I probably shouldn't have.  It was food from a deli case under an escalator in a mall.
Being Gluten and Dairy Free, I am in love with this cafe. I have yet to try everything on their menu but what I have tried I have to say I love. Whenever I go, I get their Spinach artichoke wrap on Gluten Free pita bread, vegan mayo and no cheese... Seriously, so amazing. They always have great desserts. My favorite is the Gluten and Dairy Free Strawberry Cake... YUM! If you call ahead to see which desserts they have, they will gladly put a dessert aside until you can get there to pick it up. You get a nice size dessert for $5-$6 ( will feed two, most of the time).They have a great selection of herbal and chamomile tea. The staff is pretty friendly and I like the hidden tables in the back! Great place to try. Great place for us dairy and gluten intolerant folk !
***VEGAN REVIEW***

Wow can you say a hidden VEGAS gem?  I never would have a thought to find such a great vegan cafe in VEGAS and let alone inside a shopping mall!

You HAVE to try this place next time you're in Vegas.  This is truly a vegan cafe with absolutely delicious vegan options.  The cafe is located inside the Fashion mall across from the Wynn.  Yea that "weird spaceship looking flying saucer that crashed into a building" location on the strip.  You know which place I'm talking about it right?  Yup, that's the one.  It took us a while to find the location inside the actual mall the first time but we found it really quick the second time.  Here's the secret.  Park in front of Macy's.  Walk inside Macy's and into the mall.  Once in the mall make an immediate left and you'll see it!  (Like a mirage in the desert...ok no pun intended.  And really this is no mirage it really does exist! Thankfully!)

So we had dinner here during the week.  I had the California Vegan Sandwich panini.  (Check my pics) Very tasty.  Their soy protein "meat" is made specifically for Red Velvet Cafe (RVC) and has great texture and taste.  The panini was served with a nice helping of spinach salad.  We loved the presentation and dinner so much we agreed to stop here for breakfast before we were to head back home.  And had another amazing meal.

And yes, we had a serving of their red velvet cake.  It was very good.  The frosting was a little rich for us and might have been a bit too sweet.  We trimmed it off and enjoyed the cake.  We liked it. 

Overall we love this place and have added it to our MUST visit locations when we're in Vegas.  Buffets?  Blah.  If you want something healthy and vegan then this is the place to go!!!!  

Oh and those comments about horrible service and the place being dirty?  Really?  I have no idea where that place was because this location was everything but.  

We had exceptional customer service (perhaps because we ordered the vegan options?  Their specialty)  Everyone was very attentive and made sure we were satisfied with our meal.  Really I have nothing negative to say.  

I will say that if you aren't vegan and are looking to just get your CAKE fix on...then perhaps try something else, there's always donut places around.  But if you're looking for great healthy VEGAN food and perhaps a little dessert afterwards then this HAS to be your place to stop!!!
I have never been to the red velvet cafe apart from the one at the fashion show. I usually get the chocolate chip cookies in a box and finish them before I leave the mall. They are really good, but they do have a different consistency and texture as opposed to regular ones. Probably because they are vegan, haha. Anyways, the cookies are yummy although I must say I think they are a little overpriced. It's a place worth trying and I am interested in trying out their other things!
Food is incredible, location is trendy, and service is both helpful and nice too. Since moving to Vegas (from NYC) Ive been looking for a great Vegan friendly restaurant, and this is my favorite one by far!
after reading all the good reviews about this newly opened cafe, i decided to give this place a visit.. they have a wide varieties of gluten free cakes, starting from banana cream, cinnamon, blueberry, raspberry, chocolate, etc etc.. i couldnt make up my mind on which one to get but i thought that the red velvet cake is a must try since the cafe itself called 'red velvet cafe', i ended up buying 3 of their cakes; red velvet, banana cream, and chocoate fondue or something. each cake cost between $5.99-$6.50 or something. the total for all these cakes were exactly $20 including tax.. definitely not cheap and in fact, its expensive.. 

first of all, for the amount i paid for each cake, i'd expect a nice and well presented cake.. but that doesnt seem to be the case.. the whole presentation is off and awful!! even the cheap asian bakeries would give you way better decorated cake with nice toppings.. this is what my red velvet cake look like when they handed in my cake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-velvet-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-3?select=IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w#IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w).. the same goes for the banana cream (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-velvet-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-3?select=IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w#UdYwVl7C5qXwVby_Ss0G6g) and chocolate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/red-velvet-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-3?select=IKZNZ_EV4gIEwmZGERWw0w#ONidhQoNkOqZDs-dJD0O5g). it also doesnt taste as good as what many people have said.. the cake is too dense, flavorless, and the creamcheese frosting taste nothing like creamcheese.. its more like butter sugar!! totally disappointed with everything.. i should have got one cake instead of 3, but i thought that i drove all the way from CA to vegas, so i might as well get more to bring back to CA.. o well, i still need to finish the rest of the cake anyways..
I was dropping my friend off at work and then I got lost in the mall. I was starving and this place looked beautiful with all of its pretty lights, and refreshing drink display.

The tuna melt had way too much better and just seemed kinda old and gross. The bread was soggy. I ordered a bloody mate to go. It was so damn good, but I'm pretty sure I paid $6 for it. No way.
I have to say this place is hit and miss.

Because of the location they dont have a cooking vent. So all your meals are pre-made and heated up. This leaves the wraps soggy, and thats usually what I like to order. (I do recommend the hummus (Hummus, cherries tomatos, artichokes and pepper flakes. You can get the pepper flakes on the side if you dont want the heat)

HOWEVER. There deserts are ridiculously delicious. I don't eat any dairy, so coming across these made me scream inside.  I recommend the cookies, yum!


For the locals just trying this out, if you can take the trip. The Sahara location is a lot fresher.
I gave this place a try because of the favorable Yelp reviews, but alas the vegan tiramisu we ordered was gross. No, just... no.

First off there was very little coffee flavor to be had anywhere in the whole thing. It didn't taste even remotely like tiramisu; if not for the label I would have guessed it was just white cake. Also the cake was stale and dry, god only knows how long it was sitting in that case before we were unlucky enough to pick it up. The frosting was very grainy/sandy, like it wasn't blended well or maybe was just very old. 

The staff told me that they don't bake anything there and get it shipped in from another spot, so maybe they need to review their inventory tracking system. 

Wayyyy overpriced just because it sports the "vegan" tag. I won't be back.
Hands down my favorite gluten free restaurant in Las Vegas! Tucked away in the fashion show mall this is truly a hidden gem! I always get a gluten free panini that has spinach, artichokes, turkey, and provolone. It also comes with a nice little side salad with homemade vinaigrette. They also have a great selection of wine and sake. 
Desert wise they have an amazing selection of gluten free and vegan cookies, tiramisu, and cake. The vegan/gluten free tiramisu is absolutely amazing. A little on the sweeter side but I seriously crave it! They also have coconut water, yum! Everyone needs to try this place even if your not vegan or on a gluten free diet.
Cute little cafe in the mall, 

I had the Vegan Tiramisu - it was very sweet, a bit on the dry side, and it totally did not taste like tiramisu - although it still tasted ok. I had my "tiramisu" heated, which was good, i've never had hot tiramisu.  The cakes are way to sweet - make sure you order milk as welll. 



It was decent - nothing really special.
Horrible customer service!
Vegas + Veganism = PARTY

I come to Vegas twice every year for work (the Magic and Project tradeshows every Aug and Feb)  My first "Vegan Vegas" was this past Feb.  

We always stay at either the Wynn or Encore, so finding the Red Velvet Cafe just across the street @ Fashion Show was truly a blessing!  

I am so happy that places like this exist to make veganism effortless.  The food was delish, service was great, and the selection was incredible.  Can't wait to try some of the desserts in August.  

Vegas Vegan tip:  Steve Wynn (the owner of the Wynn and Encore) is actually, or has been experimenting with veganism, therefore every (or at least every restaurant I have come across)  has a "vegan menu" If your pocketbook does allow
DON'T EVEN GO HERE. WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. The waitresses are so unprofessional! I was here with my aunt & they were totally rude. We ordered coffee and decide to relax after a day of shopping & they kept bugging us if we were gonna order food. It's a cafe! Coffee is enough what more do they want??? Not to mention, we were planning to order food but we were still chatting & taking our time & the nastiest waitress came out with a nasty face like "order now or leave" face. This place needs better service & literally all the waitresses in the back had the same bitter face. 

After I ordered salad, (which was already pre-made in the fridge) I asked her to just hand it to me cause I didn't want them taking my food to the back considering they were already being rude & the girl was like "NO, we need to take it to the back to put it on a plate". They didnt give me a choice. 
Who knows what they could have done to it! 
DON'T GO HERE cause they will just gang up on you & they need better management OBVIOUSLY!
I really like Red Velvet Cafe on Sahara and I've been going there for years now. Though, I have to say that this location is not ideal. I picked up a croissant sandwich to go and it was soggy and falling apart when I went to eat it. Luckily the tiramisu cupcake I got is just as good as the cupcakes they have at their other location. I really want to support this business and would give them a higher rating, but I feel the quality seems to suffer here. Hopefully in the future they'll work out the kinks and I'll gladly write an updated review!
This place is nothing short of amazing!!!  I recently made the switch to full vegan and was so happy to find this place.  Their vegan meat alternatives are fantastic and the vegan desserts are absolute heaven!  One can feel like their sinning without any of the actual sin, making it likely the best choice for any vegan living in Sin City!
Soooo good! All of the food can be made vegan which is a treat for a vegan like me! We had a nacho appetizer, veggie wraps, and dessert and it was all delicious. Servers were nice and good location in the mall. Will definitely return.
oh man, this place is a find.  In the Mall right across the street from the Trump tower entrance.  Awesome choices for vegan and GF people.  I tried the GF pizza which was great, better then normal crust, and the GF lemon/rasberry cake was incredible, so soft in the middle.  Salads are very big and great tasting too.  Also the GF Meat/Egg wrap was so good, large hunks of meat.
--RibChamp
Enjoy eating here.  Like the variety.
Famous vegan chocolate chip cookies?!! They were the worst tasting cookies. It was just a slab of raw dough served up in a plastic container. We took one bite each and threw the rest out. It was so disgusting. Please don't serve these any more. I wanted to vomit.
Red Velvet Cafe was one of my favourite stops made on my trip to Las Vegas. It was very exciting to look at the menu, ask the waitress what is vegan and be told that absolutely everything can be veganized. Choosing was the hardest part. Our food was incredible, fast and the service was exceptional. Choosing desserts was also a difficult task as nearly all of them are vegan as well. I tried quite a few of the cakes on my trip as I felt it necessary to try as many as possible. They are all extremely delicious!
I've been going here, almost daily, for YEARS now since it first opened and was selling their cakes inside of Whole Foods(which is how I discovered my former favorite dessert spot)...that being said, each time I went here(no exaggerations but maybe about almost 1,000 if not already) I would never order less than two desserts...yes, I had a HUGE sweet tooth that needed to be cured! 
Needless to say, I've always had a pleasant experience, which is why I always went back and referred all my friends and family who would ask me to recommend a great spot in Vegas. However, this past June 5, 2013 I went there would be my last that I would EVER support this place. It's a shame because I use to go there so often the owner's husband who ran Fashion Show's restaurant would know I was such a huge fan of the place.
I hate to call someone out but never in my life have I ever received TERRIBLE service where I felt informing others was necessary, and to write the name of the server(I've been a server before so I know what it's like but this service wasn't even considered that)...Savannah, at the Fashion Show Mall presented my best friend(who I introduced her here) and I a half melted, burnt off tiramisu cake where the frosting was half off of the cake, did NOT ask us for any drinks or silverware, rolled her eyes at me for NO reason(I'm always respectful to servers too), and I ordered a carrot cake cookie to eat there which normally they always bring out on a plate but Savannah handed me the box and then tried to avoid me. My best friend witnessed this TERRIBLE treatment from her and I had no idea why she would give such terrible attitude. She avoided us plenty of times and it really ruined our experience for a lifetime...I've never had a server not do the fundamentals or essential parts of "waitressing" which is a greeting(Savannah avoided me), actually SERVING the food on a plate(one looked like SHIT, please check out the tiramisu photo I posted), asking if we would like any other food or drinks from the menu(NOTHING was asked), a smile(she rolled her eyes walking past us and always had an attitude), and just got such a nasty vibe from her that I refuse to let anyone go here. Please also note that this cafe was not busy at all, and it wasn't like we went during opening or near closing either....

Anyway, my review is done. Be warned of this place and Savannah.(You should NOT serve if you hate your job!)
We had smoked salmon pizza, spicy chicken wrap, and turkey/cheese panini. The food was light, healthy, and great. For dessert I ordered a vegan red velvet cake. I have the biggest sweet tooth and 99% of the time I eat out (a lot) and red velvet is available I order it, but this one had to be the worst red velvet pastry I've ever had. They sacrificed taste to add the title of vegan. I was expecting the best red velvet seeing the place is called "Red Velvet Café" but I was wrong. I am aware it's vegan, having an open mind I've had plenty of vegan meals and desserts but this had no taste of red velvet. Three stars for the food and decent service. Two lost due to the disappointment in the dessert. My suggestion would be to go with their other dessert options.
With a name like "Red Velvet Cafe", I expected some bomb Red Velvet Cake. Short after walking up to the pastry case, I noticed it's a Vegan place. My BFF is Vegan and I've had many awesome Vegan desserts, so being a carnivore, it didn't steer me away. 

Although many of the chocolate items looked tempting, I assumed they specialize in Red Velvet, so I ordered their Red Velvet Cupcake, which is $5.50.

It was topped super high with frosting, so I couldn't wait to dig in!

As soon as I put my fork in the frosting, to my disappointment, the frosting crumbled into pieces. Sure, it was chilled in the cooler, but it was nowhere near cold enough to crumble in that way. The taste didn't make up for it. Perhaps I was spoiled with the Sprinkes Vegan Red Velvet - you could barely taste the difference between the Vegan frosting and regular Cream Cheese Frosting. The frosting of this cupcake was overly sugary and frankly, cheap tasting.

The cake was dense and dry... SUPER DRY that I could barely get my fork through it. It had the consistency of dried out cornbread. It tasted like stale chocolate cake. 

I ended up tossing it like a hockey puck. I was going to bring it back to the counter, not for a refund but to ask them how they have the nerve to sell something so stale. It had to be more than a week old. I can't imagine otherwise. I didn't bother saying anything. A bad taste was left in my mouth until I reached my favorite dessert spot (not Vegan) Jean Philippe. Now THAT's good Red Velvet. 

I gave this place two stars because I feel guilty only giving one, but that's really all it deserves. 

Message to the management - If you specialize in Red Velvet, it should be made fresh daily. If that was fresh, you may want to find another talent. Sorry. :(
The first time I went here, my food was very bland, and the vegan desert wasn't all that good. I think it was because it was close to closing time and they were running out of everything. The second time, I got a sandwich wrap (came with a salad!) and the BEST double fudge vegan chocolate cake with the thickest, most wonderful frosting. I'm adding two stars just for that cake.
Very disappointed after reading the Review Journal write up today. It's under " Cookies might be too good to be true"
Red Velvet claims there cookies are 27 cal each. Come to find out they were tested and they are 157cal per cookie. I was referred by a friend and also referred many people to Red Velvet.  I can't believe I was paying 6.00 for a pack of cookies claiming to be 162 cal total and they were 942 cal and paying 1.00 a cookie! I've spent hundreds of dollars at this establishment and I'm sure there are many other people who have also. I even sent these desserts to my mother in law who is a diabetic.   I really hope there is a furthur investigaion.  I can't imagine how bad the rest of the food is.   People go here and spend a lot of money thinking they are getting low calorie, healthy,  diabetic friendy food and instead your getting scammed.
HOAX caloric content is FALSE! The Las Vegas Review-Journal conducted their own independent study and found that their claim that each cookie is only 27calories (150 for 6) is actually 157 calories/cookie! I was eating almost 1000 calories when I THOUGHT I was eating 157! SO disappointed and angry a "health conscious" Vegan restaurant would make false claims about the caloric content of their "healthy" food! Shame on you Red Velvet. You lost a very loyal customer.
Red Velvet cookies!!!!! 

The End.
This review is for both Red Velvet Cafe locations.

I'm not saying they don't serve delicious healthy food. I'm not saying their sweets are yummy. They are, for that, I'm giving 2 stars. However, I won't be returning to either locations again.

http://www.reviewjournal...

To summarize really quick, this article tells about how people LOVED Red Velvet Cafe's infamous chocolate cookies, which claim to be only 27 calories each. Too good to be true? Yes. A Las Vegas author had these cookies analyzed and found out they were actually 157 calories! So the six-pack of cookies Red Velvet claims to be only 162 calories is actually 942 calories. Read the article and judge for yourself.

I've had Red Velvet vegan cakes many times, the ones that are supposed vegan and around 200 calories. As I try to stay fit and eat a sensible diet, I always appreciate establishments who offer vegan healthy alternatives. However, if I find a food I really want it, I'll buy it, sometimes regardless of if it's low-calorie. I'll eat a 900-calorie triple chocolate cake if that's what I really crave, but at least I KNOW how much I'm eating.

I know that not all eateries provide their nutritional information on their food. I understand some recipes are kept secret. However, if you are going to be proud to claim how low calorie your delicious chocolate cookies are, they better be true!

I just don't appreciate the dishonesty Red Velvet Cafe displayed. People rely on accurate information on what they eat, if that information is available. Now, I cannot trust anything Red Velvet Cafe says about any of their food. Can you? Their food may be delicious, but their actions left a bad taste in my mouth.
Either they use stale beans or the machine is not set up properly. Whatever you do, DO NOT think of ordering an espresso from here, you'll get nothing but a shot of coffee WITH grounds in the bottom of the glass. I will blame the owner for the staff not being able to pull a decent shot.
Great menu but I prefer the location on W. Sahara.
Great selection of vegan and vegetarian food. And your meat eating friends will be happy too.
Great place for a quick bite between all that mad shopping! Nothing like a chilled glass of Proseco to get you going for round two. I had the chicken n goat cheese pizza which was divine and a triple berry cake that hit the spot with a bang! I'm not vegan nor vegetarian, just liked the casual feel of the place and was glad they served wine. It was perfection!
This location is TERRIBLE. I work in the mall, and not only does the customer service suck, but the pre-made paninis and sandwiches are awful. I have made many attempts to give them another chance, mostly because I love their chocolate chip cookies and their spicy hummus. I deliberately asked if their to-go hummus was the same portion size as when I dine in, (because usually the portion size is what makes paying $9 FOR HUMMUS WORTHWHILE). The gentleman assured me it was the same portion size. Upon delivery it was a little less than half what I usually get served when dining in. I will not be returning again, even though I work a few doors down.
Visited here twice on my trip to Vegas. Service was good and sandwiches with gluten-free bread were delicious. The Cuban press was my favorite; I want to go back to Vegas just to eat it again. The waitress gave us extra gluten-free pita as well for no charge, which was nice. Cake was good too, especially for gluten free vegan.

I noticed that a lot of people are giving this place one-star reviews because they apparently mislabeled a cookie as too low-calorie. Yeah that's not a great thing to do, but come on people, it's not like they were breeding rats in the kitchen or shipping their profits off to al Qaeda. I go to Vegas quite a bit and It is SO DIFFICULT to find good gluten-free food there, especially this close to the Strip. Let's not drive one of the few good gluten-free places out of business because of a cookie. Did you balloon up like Regina George, Yelpers? No?  Then calm down.
I'm slightly embarrassed to admit I've been buying cookies from the Red Velvet Café for years. My girlfriend, too. We're both health-conscious people, and we were attracted to the cookies' low calorie count. 

"Red Velvet Café's Famous Vegan Chocolate Chip Cookies: Approximately 27 cookies & 1 gram of fat per cookie!!!," read the sign--look for yourself. 

That equates to 162 calories per six-cookie box. The more I thought about it, the more it seemed too good to be true.

And it was; a food chemical breakdown test, conducted by the Pacific Coast Analytical Services, showed that Red Velvet Café's cookies actually contain 157 calories each. So when I thought I as eating a 162-calorie box of your cookies, I was actually eating a 942-calorie box.

I learned about this last week, in the Review-Journal. And a couple weeks before that, I began to grow suspicious myself, so I snapped the picture shown above. I also took a secret video of a Café employee walking me through the BS calorie counts of the various baked goods. Then a guy--I believe he's the bakery's co-owner--assured me that the cookies had been tested after baking, and the calorie count was 160. 

A total lie.

A week ago I went to the Café to ask for my money back. I gave my info to the assistant manager, who assured me I'd hear back by Tuesday. Tuesday came and I never heard back. So I'm suing.

Am I crazy for wanting my money back? The way I see it, I didn't get the food item for which I bargained. 

Am I crazy for thinking Red Velvet Café needs to be punished (through punitive damages) for its outrageous, egregious untruth? I don't care whether they were willfully deceiving or just reckless with the truth; I just care that these people are punished for all the years they made money on a total lie. 

I'm suing them in Clark County's Small Claims Court now.
The only thing I'll say about the calorie count controversy is that just because something is vegan does not mean its healthy.  Sugar and oil are vegan.  

I give it 4 stars because what I had (chocolate peanut butter cake and chocolate chip cookies) were good, but pretty expensive.  Cookies come to about $1 each.  That may sound OK, but they're only about the size of an oreo, so to me $5.99 for the box (don't remember if there were 6 or 8, but definitely not more), is pretty high.  I can get cookies that are 3x the size at Whole Foods for $1.49 each and less if you buy a package of them.  However, they were among the best vegan chocolate chip cookies I've had.  

But the chocolate peanut butter cake (NOT the gluten free version) was really good.  Again expensive at $6.50, but its big enough for 2 people to share so if you compare it to restaurant dessert  prices, its not so bad.  But again compared to nicer grocery store prices, its high.  

I looked at sandwiches and nothing looked so amazing that I wanted to pay what they were asking to try them. 

Would I go back?  Sure, but not so often just due to the prices.  It would be a treat only.
The desserts are pretty good but have an inaccurate calorie count. As far as the other food they offer, it is far from fresh. They have people bring in food that's been pre-made... no different than what you can get at the ABC store next door (which actually tastes better). Last time I'll ever eat at Red Velvet.
If you're not familiar with Las Vegas, I'll first give you a heads up that this Cafe is more of a kiosk and it's located right in the middle of a large mall. That being said...

I was overwhelmed by the selection of vegan gourmet desserts Red Velvet offers. Case after case of beautiful pies, cakes, and cookies.

I couldn't decide on one so we purchased several.

The chocolate chip cookies have more of a shortbread dough to them. Small chips that are in slim numbers may or may not be found within the cookies. Very mild sweetness (which I personally liked, so as to avoid going into a diabetic coma after two bites...). 

The tiramisu was surprisingly delicious and sinful. The same goes for the peanut butter chocolate chip cake. I have yet to dig into my blackberry apple cake.

On the other side of their triangular display casing, we found a plethora of juices, salads, and sandwiches. All looked delectable, most were vegan or vegetarian. I also ordered one of their vegan chicken wraps and really liked it (I'm not normally a fan of wraps). Green tortilla that was fresh (no sogginess or staleness to be found) and perfect layers of fresh spinach, vegan cheese, soy chickn, and artichoke. Perfect!

In spite of having to brave my way through the mall, Red Velvet was totally worth it.
Must try place! 
Highly impressed. 
Great for vegetarians!!!! Awesome vegan double chocolate fudge cake, totally loved it! The best vegan choc cake I ever had :) and we ordered veggie grill sandwich which was great too!

I am definitely returning to this place when I am in Vegas next.
Love this place. I am allergic to Gluten so the fact that they carry Gluten free and Vegan options is really awesome. The good is very fresh and they do not serve processed food. I recommend the chicken and buffalo mozzarella panini. For dessert, get the red velvet cake!
Great healthy, gluten free options close to the strip! So happy to have found this healthy gem!
Was suggested by the Mac cosmetic gal at nordstroms she said they have gluten free and vegan desserts however heard nothing but good things. Since it was my bday and I was from out of town I wanted cake for my friend and I ....didn't see gluten free cake or normal cake only vegan cake. I thought how bad could it be right?!?! I got blueberry mango cream and a cookie and cream cake. This was my first vegan cake. So I don't know what's good or bad but it was ...OK...tho it tasted like something was missing.....I guess eggs and dairy hahaha
AMAZING! Recently my girlfriend and I have decided to incorporate much more of a vegan lifestyle. It has been a huge challenge to find vegan options in Vegas. I heard about the Red Velvet Cafe and got the impression that there wasn't a ton to offer. Boy was I wrong! 
When we sat down we looked through the menu. At first it seemed like there were only a few vegan options. But we came to find out that EVERY item could be done vegan style. 
We started with Chili Rubbed Potatoes as an appetizer and were blown away. Hearty with just enough kick. For our entrees my girlfriend had the vegan version of chicken and squash with a teriyaki sauce. I had the chicken and eggplant in a sweet and spicy sauce. Both of our entrees had vegetables were you could taste the quality and freshness. The faux chicken was amazing. And the sauces were killer. The desserts here are nothing short of divine. We got three to take home. 
At the end of the meal Sunil, who I'm pretty sure is the owner, came over and talked with us. You can tell he takes great pride in his food and he should! 
Vegas can be really challenging for someone who is vegetarian/vegan. But rest assured there is an incredible restaurant here.
Great food option for vegans and non vegans alike.  I ate here twice on my trip to Vegas and both were great.  Perfect for a quick, healthy (or not) bite to eat while shopping at Fashion Show.
I thought i was in heaven. It was one of the first places i went to when i was in vegas...and being vegan this is THE place to go for lunch or dessert. 

It blew my mind. They had literally the BEST FAKE TUNA ( spicy vegan tuna wrap) known to man. No joke. Ever since i went vegan i've still craved tuna. and TUNO is Okay, but it just didn't really do it for me. This, on the other hand was JUST like eating tuna. And the sauces and tortillas they use on their wraps. TO DIE FOR!!!

On my vacation i ate here a few times. I had the vegan cuban panini ( YUM!), the buffalo vegan chicken wrap ( OMG), teriyaki mushroom chicken burger ( HEEEEELL YEAH)  and the red velvet cake and chocolate chip cookie sandwiches. 

They can make almost their ENTIRE menu vegan includling pizzas, wraps, sandwiches, TONS of cake and desserts ( tiramisu cake, peanut butter and jelly cake, pumpkin cake, etc) They have daiya vegan cheese which they actually take the time to MELT down right, which a lot of places with vegan items don't. 

If you're vegetarian or vegan in vegas you MUST go here. its right in the fashion mall off the strip across from The Wynn. and you'll die just as much as I did....it was unreal. :D
I am not sure if the Red Velvet Cake I had was Vegan. I was expecting a melt-in-your-mouth consistency. But it was very dry and  bread-like. It's as if the cake was from yesterday. I think, it's overpriced too. Staff was great.
Is it possible to give no stars?  If so that is what I would give red velvet.  You would think after the cookie brigade they would be gracious for any customers that came in but no.  We ordered a vegan pizza and vegan nachos.  The waiter took our order with an attitude of 'do you know wht you want or not?'  Shocked I placed the order and we waited 25 minutes for the food.  The waiter came over and said the food would be right out.  Still waiting he came back 5 minutes later and said the nachos were made with regular cheese and it would be 10 more minutes!  I was furious.  I asked about the pizza and he said that was ready and brought it out.  It looked disgusting with the piles of daiya cheese not melted.  I asked for the manager.  5 minutes later she came over and tossed the nachos down on the table.  I told her how disgusted I was and she said,  'well the food is correct now.  Do you want it or not?'  I showed her the pizza and she said daiya does not melt.  I corrected her as we use it daily and she again with a horrible attitude asked if I wanted the nachos.  My husband and I looked at each other and we left.  I used to go here all the time but the attitude is the worst I have ever experienced.
One word: Delicious!

So my fiancé and I made the long trek from the city center to the Fashion Show Mall solely for the opportunity to get delicious cupcake from Red Velvet. Despite the mixed reviews, we were hopefully we would find something that looked appealing/ that we would like.  When we arrived, we noticed a TON of vegan options and all of them looked tasty.  We  ended up picking the chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting because I LOVE peanut butter. 

When we took a bite two hours later, the cake was still super moist and delicious. It totally tasted like a regular chocolate cake, not vegan. In addition, the frosting was super thick and they put a really good amount. Most dessert places give more cake and less frosting but we were happy to have had the opposite. My fiancé did not like how the frosting was super dense, compared to the cake (it started to weigh the cake down, so that is where we noticed the higher ratio of frosting to cake); however, the flavors were wonderful and we will surly be back!  

Pricing is pretty good, too. For about $6, the cakes are a big size.
Ok, if you can't find anything vegan in Vegas or need a quick solution to appease vegetarian/vegan friends then yes, by all means, go to red velvet. There are better alternatives and many places offer vegetarian/vegan options. This place is so overpriced for what it is. The service is hit or miss. This particular visit was a complete miss. The server is not very polite and was chewing gum while taking our order. All in all it's not worth it.
Went there based on good Yelp reviews, WiFi was down, they only had 1 gluten free option as far as baked goods went, staff was not super friendly so I just moved on. Bummer, I was excited to try it :-/
Vegan chicken ranch wrap is huge and delicious! Came with a big bed of spinach salad side.
Very impressed with this place. While I am not vegan or vegetarian, the food was delicious. After a few minutes of scanning the menu, I ordered the goat cheese chicken pizza with a couple of minor modifications for my diet. The food was delivered quickly and cooked perfectly throughout. The portion size was pretty much perfect, as after finishing I felt content with the amount of food I had eaten, not too little, and not too much.

Their desserts are also great, with a gluten-free option for (as far as I could tell) anything I wanted to order. Finally, the pricing. I was pleasantly surprised at how affordable it was for the quality of the food and the wait time. I think I paid a bit less here for a pizza and dessert than a comparably sized pizza at CPK or Grimaldis.

I look forward to coming back any time that I get the opportunity, I have found somewhere I enjoy eating anytime I am on the strip.
I have only ever had the baked goods.  Whenever I am shopping in the mall I stop by and get a gluten free desert.  The cookies are great and the red velvet cake is super good, just a little too sweet.
Si comme moi vous recherchez un resto vegan/végétarien à Vegas, alors vous êtes tombé(e) sur la fiche du Red Velvet. 

Situé dans l'un des centres commerciaux, il est un peu dur à trouver mais ce sera réglé si vous identifiez sa position sur le plan du Centre. 

En deux mots : moins bon pour la santé qu'on ne l'aurait pensé. J'ai été séduite par la possibilité de commander chaque plat (ou presque) en version avec viande, végétarienne ou vegan. 

Large choix de sandwiches, wraps, salades, ou plats un peu plus élaborés (mais pas trop, ça reste un café).

Les choses manquaient un peu de goût mais les prix étaient assez raisonnables comparé aux autres restos du Strip. 

Les cookies n'étaient pas frais. Par contre, ils SAVENT faire le Red Velvet Cake, qui du coup fut mon gateau de mariage :)
*This was a tough review since the food was so mediocre but the dessert was one of the best I've had*. 

While in Vegas for a bike convention my girlfriend and i went on the hunt for some yummy vegan goods. Armed with the trusty yelp app we saw the reviews and pics for this spot and definitely wanted to try it out. Plus it was walking distance from our hotel. Done and done.

We knew it was in the mall so we ventured in and started looking for the spot. We went up and down and from one end to the other and couldn't for the life of us find this place. Finally I called to see if they were even still there. A girl who picked up told me they were in between two escalators. What an odd place for a cafe. Either way we found it, sat down, and mulled over the menu. We pretty much new what we wanted. We ordered nachos, a sandwich, a pizza, and a dessert. The nachos came out and were pretty good. The chips were like a hybrid of tortilla and pita which made it unique. My only problem is that the cheese seemed burnt. The sandwich was ok and so was the pizza. Not memorable but ok. 

The best part was definitely the dessert which was hard to choose from! After much deliberation we went for the maple pancake cake. They asked if we wanted it heated.......ummmmm yes?! It was genuinely one of the best baked goods I've had period. The cake was moist (hate the word) and tasted just like a pancake and there was maple syrup on the inside. The frosting was perfect with the cake. I don't normally share desserts since I can usually throw it back by myself but I'm glad I did on this. It was so large and very filling. When going to the upcoming convention I will for sure go back for the sweets. I might try something different on the regular menu but if it's anything like last time I'll stick to cakes.
I can't decide if I want to give this place 3 or 2 stars. I wasn't the biggest fan of atmosphere. The service wasn't that great. The staff was not rude or anything but they were not friendly either. They have a pretty good range of food options everything from meat to gluten free & vegan options (with an additional charge). The prices are a bit outrages. My partner & I split the grilled chicken & sautéed vegetables with the faux chicken it was $16 +tax. I do have to say it was hands down the best faux chicken I have ever had. Sadly the rest of the dish wasn't very amazing. The pre mixed "sautéed" veggies looked & tasted like frozen veggies just microwaved & the brown rice was good but I wouldn't be surprised of it was frozen/microwaved. We had to add hot sauce to the meal to make it have any flavour. For the price of the meal it was extremely disappointing. The portion was an ok size but again for the price not worth it. The reason I gave this place 3 starts not 2 was just because of how amazing the faux chicken was. If the prices where better I would go back to get more of that "chicken"
So I've been back twice because that faux chicken was so amazing & I haven't found much to eat on the strip with my dietary restrictions. I got the Veggie wrap without the cheese or mayo & added faux chicken & avocado. I ordered it on a gluten free wrap & got bbq sauce to dip it in. 

The first time I ordered this it was AMAZING! The staff was hella friendly but I still think the price was insane. It was around $15 for a wrap with some greens. The second time I went it wasn't as amazing. The "chicken" was kinda dry & the service was back to the first time I went there. 

I wish this "restaurant" wasn't in a mall. I really dislike the atmosphere, the prices & how inconsistent it is. I will say it is the best I've found for healthy food on the strip.
This place has been a big hit or miss. The first time I went I got faux chicken and it was absolutely delicious. It's what brought me back two more times. The second time I tried the buffalo chicken and substituted the real chicken with faux.. I devoured it so quickly because it was so good. The third time going back was disappointing, the faux chicken was dry.

The service here is also up and down, some days it's great and the servers are friendly and chatty but other times its the opposite. 

The prices are ridiculously high and you're charged for anything you add to your meal.

I dont know if I'd go back, especially to this location because its in the middle of a mall. It would be great if it was an actual restaurant.
Every time I come back into town, I absolutely have to stop here. My go to is the taco salad. I would recommend that most definitely. I used to go to the Sahara one, but this one is always closer when I visit now. The service is always great and I wish I was more hungry to get a dessert, but I always love the chocolate chip cookies, no matter what the calorie count is... Love that it's on the strip. Go if you can, it's a great lunch spot in between shopping
I gave them 3 stars because their vegan dessert was delicious and we got decent service. I loved the vegan red velvet cake. But be warned that the entrees are way overpriced for what they are. I couldn't believe the price when our server brought us the bill, and we didn't even eat half of our food because it was so mediocre. If your thinking about coming here, just stop by for dessert!
I have had some dishes here which were cool.  But hands down the best dish ever is the brown rice chicken wrap. When I used to live in LA, I would make this a must do each trip.  I get it with no advocado, my friends get siracha with it.  but just plain is so damn good.
Vegas is not known very well for its extensive vegan options, so I was happy to hear that a vegan-friendly cafe was minutes away from the Trump Hotel, where I was staying. All I had to do was skip across the street, make it through the mall, and there it was!

It is very cute, in an open are in the center of the mall. There seems to be plenty of seating, and rows of desserts lining the shelves.

Not everything is vegan, but they do specialize in vegan food and desserts. I didn't get a chance to try any of the desserts, but I decided to splurge on my meal.

I got the veggie panini-vegan style. That means they use the vegan pesto and vegan daiya cheese instead. She asked if I wanted to add vegan chicken in for a few dollars more, but I opted out because I felt like the flavors in the sandwich were probably rich and filling already. I stuck with the salad, but added on the plain roasted potatoes on the side.

It is on the pricier side, especially if you decide to start adding ingredients. ($3 potatoes here, $3 faux chicken, $1 avocado, etc.)

I should have splurged a bit even more and added the chicken and went for the seasoned potatoes.

The sandwich was good, but nothing extraordinary. It quickly got soggy and the flavors were surprisingly not rich and filling. It felt like it was missing something. The pesto just fell flat. But it wasn't bad, I still enjoyed it.

The salad was overdressed, and the dressing itself was nothing to write about.
The potatoes, advertised as roasted, were nothing more than steamed potatoes. I like that they use exotic potatoes, such as red, blue, yellow, etc. But the fact that it was simply steamed meant that it didn't have a hearty "roasted" flavor, not was it seasoned at all. Very very bland.

In the end, it was not unenjoyable, but nothing too memorable. A bit overpriced, but what isn't in Las Vegas. I'm just glad I was able to find something to eat so close to my hotel!
I'm unsure why this place only has 3 1/2 stars. The food is amazing, tons of options for gluten/dairy free, vegan, and meat eaters alike. I'll be back often.
Calling all VEGANS! This place rocks! Need your food vegan or gluten free? Than this is your place. Everything on their menu can be substituted with a vegan alternative or gluten free alternative. 

Pricing is fairly cheap considering that it includes alternatives. 

The space itself is "cozy"; it's small and I'm sure most people miss it since it's tucked away under the elevators at the fashion show mall. I recommend you not to overlook it anymore. It's worth the snug seating. 

I ordered an all vegan pizza with pepperoni (vegan alternative). It was fulfilling, although the next time I go I'm either going to ask for no cheese alternative or a very small amount to be used. The alternative they use can by very empowering. Plus the texture of it is not all that appealing. So for those of you that are picky about texture, I would say to order with a minimal amount of the cheese alternative. 

For dessert I ordered a vegan/gluten free tiramisu cake which was delicious! I'm a sweets person and I could hardly tell the difference between this vegan tiramisu and the real deal. It was somewhat dryer than the original version, but still was great for taste.
Amazing & delicious! Perfect for mixed company- when one person cares more about healthy & the other cares about flavor. Here you have both! You can't tell the difference between their vegan dishes & desserts and creations from 4 star restaurants! 

I love this place & go to Fashion Show Mall specifically for them!! I wish they had a location in Henderson! 

Please open a location in Henderson!! Thank you!!
Their vegan food is above average and their vegan desserts are exceptional.  The restaurant is glassed-in what seems like the absolute center of the Fashion Show Mall, squeezed between the escalators.  Their dessert shelf is longer than long, providing many mouth-watering minutes of trying to choose the best dessert.   I hear that the owner may have fudged some calorie numbers.  Ok, forgive and forget... at least she is helping us not kill animals with all the delectable goodies that she makes so scrumptiously.
I love red velvet cakes, but the ones here were too dry. It's not even topped with cream cheese icing. I do not recommend! I also tried the "blood" mate tea, it was okay. The fruit yogurt parfait sucks too!
OK, I'm just going to say this first off.  This is not my type of place.  I don't go out of my way to eat organic. Chemicals are how I obtained my mutant powers.   I'm not a vegan. The cuter than animal, the better they taste.   I'm not gluten free.  I'm a pasta freak.  

However, my wife is gluten free.  And the dietary restrictions her nutritionist has put her on means lots of lettuce wraps.  So, when she found this place on Groupon, we had to try it.

At first sight, I wasn't impressed.  The decor, well, it is in a Mall.  So, pretty much what I expected.  However, the food was good, the staff was super friendly, and the gluten free options were remarkable.  Everything, and I mean everything, on the menu could be made gluten free.  My wife's pita sandwich was delicious.  The pita tasted a little sweet, as most gluten free bread do.  But, other than that, it tasted just like a regular sandwich bread.  Her spicy potatoes were freakin' fantastic.  I kept steal them.  My sandwich was also good.  Not amazing, but definitely good.

Overall, I liked the place.  And would give it 3 stars.  But, knowing how hard it is to find REAL gluten free options, I appreciated the place all the more.  So, I'm kicking it up to 4 stars just because of the amazing options they offer people with dietary restrictions and choices.  My wife is an incredible baker.  And she has created some delicious recipes for gluten free baking.  So, I know how hard it is to make good tasting gluten free breads.
I like this place, but I'm pretty up and down with it! People don't realize that this place was pretty hard to find--vegan and gluten free! If you're not used to eating vegan or gluten free, you have to be open. But luckily, this is one of the better places that I've been to! 

Ambiance: 4 - I actually love the cafe area. It's basically hidden almost at the bottom of the stairs. When you sit in the inner area, it's secluded and private, just like a real cafe. You almost don't realize you're at a mall! However, I wish the seats were more comfortable because they are not fun sitting in after walking around for hours! 

Service: 5 - The service was really great. The workers were helpful and always asking if we needed any questions answered or wanted some more drinks. They brought the food to our table, which I thought was really sweet since the place is so small, they really didn't have to! 

Food: 4 - Quality vegan and gluten-free foods are really hard to find anywhere really. I was really surprised by the quality of their vegan red velvet! Wasn't really a fan of the icing, but it was pretty good. The chocolate cake was really good and tasty. The cakes were a little too sweet for my tastes, but they pulled it off really well regardless. Notttt a fan of the drinks though. I might have to try more to see if they have better ones, but currently not a fan! 

For now, I suggest bakery only! I'm getting ready to try the food next time; I heard it was pretty good and now I'm curious!!!
Got the glowing green juice and mushroom chicken burger *vegan*. My bf got the same thing but not vegan and he said it taste the same but vegan patties are a little softer. The  juice taste more like kale and apple them the rest of the ingredients which is fine. Being vegan and in Vegas on my 21 st birthday is challenging. I brought some food with me. This place is two miles away walking distance from the hotel escalibur,  but it was worth it.
Disappointed this time around. Every trip to Las Vegas I make a point to eat at Red Velvet, tried this particular location for the first time. 

Wife & I went for lunch. I will say that the panini was good. Happy with that. 

Have had the taco salad before, we ordered it again. This time the bottom was burnt (happens, whatever). If did throw the taste off, my wife and I split both meals, we finished the panini and less than a third of the taco salad. Neither of could get past the taste - waste of $14 is what it was. 

I wouldn't have said anything if weren't for the cashiers response. When paying she asked how our meal was. Figured I might as well be honest, I told her the sandwich was great and that the taco salad wasn't what I was expecting. Her response was "oh really?"

Response was inviting to elaborate, so I told her I have had the taco salad in the past, that it tasted different from this time, that the bottom layer was burnt and that neither my wife nor I could get past the taste. The cashiers next response was an uncaring "oh - sorry" and handed me our change and she turned around to organize some items that clearly needed no organizing. 

Glad to see an abundance of vegan options coming to life in Las Vegas. I'd sooner have made a peanut butter & jelly sandwich and sat in the hot parking lot eating it then try to eat this meal again.
I had purchased a groupon for Red Velvet Cafe and decided to go there last weekend. I opted out of lunch and decided to splurge on all desserts. As a vegan and gluten-free enthusiast, I was more than ecstatic to try their lovely desserts. Their GF and vegan chocolate chip cookies were incredible and their red velvet cake, unreal. I highly recommend this place for vegans and non-vegans alike
Was looking for a place that had healthy smoothies, and this place seemed promising. It's located in the mall, so a nice place to take a break. 

I got the Strawberry Smoothie and it wasn't anything special. It was very bland. The food they had looked good; I didn't try it though. Maybe next time I'm back in Vegas, I'll try the food instead.
Red Velvet Café is a good option for a quick drink and bite while shopping in Fashion Show Mall.

It's a nice option when I'm bored with other chain coffee shops in the mall, but there's nothing to fuss about.

I'll try food items next time.
I'd love to give them a higher rating for all their vegan & gluten-free options, but until they start having the gluten-free version of their name available, they get knocked a star. We both love the gf red velvet & go to fashion show just to get it, but 80% of the time it's our of stock. Living on the east side of town, I really don't want to drive way over to west Sahara to get a piece of cake as they suggest. There's other options, but not impressed with them when I'm craving the red velvet. 
Other star knocked off because those potatoes are about  1/2 cooked. If I'm pay in extra for them at least have them cooked, not hard & barely warm. 
I do love the gluten free vegan wraps/sandwich with "chicken" & artichoke, tasty. But I still want my cake!!!!! So please start keeping it in stock
Okay so I really hate to come down hard on this place but honestly...come on... i'm a sucker for all easy vegan  and vegetarian places because I myself am vegan.  However this place is absurdly expensive for what  the food is. The desserts awesome. however they too are relatively expensive.. seven dollars for a slice of cake. It's super cool that all of their menu can be chosen to be vegan but it's all more expensive and you start going into the 12 and $13+ range. no really... It's 13 bucks for a vegan hot dog..  Which is cool if you are cool with that... however I can go to some of these other places I review  and get a vegan fix for little more than half that and it won't be a prepackaged light life vegan hot dog.
After days of junking it up w/ fried foods in Sin City, I needed something light and green in my life. I ordered a vegan Buffalo Chicken wrap. The wrap was large (I could only eat 1/2 of it) and it came with a simple green (think super greens) salad with a balsamic dressing. The wrap was mostly shredded lettuce, but it also had a fair share of the soy chicken, and the buffalo sauce (comes on the side) was yum! It was good, and it was just what I needed. The next time I'm in Vegas I will go back to try some of their other vegan food options.

Now, on to desserts. OMG First of all, there were not just one or two vegan options. There were MANY options for cakes and cookies. I finally settled on three (yes, 3): 
1- Hot Fudge Sundae Cake: I don't know if I should say anything, because I don't want to ruin the surprise for anyone. The icings were reminiscent of chocolate and vanilla ice cream, it had a chocolate ganache (the hot fudge), sprinkles, vanilla cake, and a surprise filling inside, which made me want to do back flips. So rich, I could only take 1 bite.

2- Strawberry Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Cake: a chocolate cake, chocolate icing, strawberry, a chocolate chip cookie piece on top, and the surprise chocolate chip cookie dough in the middle. SO delicious and very rich; again, I could only eat 1 bite. You could easily split this with 4 people, or have enough to last a few days.

3 - Lemon Raspberry Cream Cake: lemon infused cake and icing with raspberry. The perfect sweet & tart combination.

The cakes were $6.50 each, and very much worth every penny. This place should be a "must do" on every vegan's list, esp those with a sweet tooth.

They have their own little area with sitting just for their customers, and the employees were nice and very helpful.
The long awaited, much anticipated CenPho brother to Green is HERE! 

While this isn't another Green location (don't worry! they will open soon!), Nami serves a huge menu of their delicious tsoynamis and a variety of other baked goods.  This little cafe is all vegan, and while my vegetarian diet allows me to overindulge in regular ice cream -  these tsoynamis could convert me. I had a flufflernutter (note: NOT a sexual term, but instead a mixture of peanut butter and marshmallow cream) tsoynami that was heavenly and huge. YUM!

I did not try any coffee but am very excited to. They offer soy, almond and rice milk - with promises to add more nut varieties soon. Nami offers a beautiful selection of pastries - cupcakes, whoopie pies, cookies.

The staff here was amazingly friendly and welcoming.  I felt like they genuinely cared about my business, as well as any comments or suggestions that we had.    

I am glad that I get to be the first review, since I was their FIRST customer. This vegan-niche is much needed in Central Phoenix and I am so stoked for what Nami and Green will bring to it!
Love the Tsoynamis and excited they are downtown! Beautiful cupcakes, cookies, vegan twinkies! I can't wait for the vegan caramel apples. Mmmmmm
Pleasantly surprising.  They serve Royal (@ the Market), for those interested.

Being pretty hip to the coffee scene in PHX, I was a little surprised to hear of this new shop, having not heard of it's coming.  Maybe I didn't look around enough, but it felt like Nami just kind of popped up.

So I had my doubts, as I always will when giving a new place a shot.  The layout was pleasant, and the decor pretty rad; love the couch.  Parking seems sorted out a great deal better than when That's A Wrap inhabited the area -  good plus there.  Sweets looked great.

So I order my typical - drip and a 2x (on the side).  This gives me a general idea of the shop; milk drinks are for second and beyond trips.  Firstly, their demi-tasses are super cute.  Obviously hand-made, and hopefully local.  Loved it.  My drip actually turned out to be a pour-over, which is a plus to me.  A coffee junkie can appreciate a pour-over, where it kind of scares a person just wanting some "coffee" (see: I understand why you call it drip vs pour-over).

Straight up espresso is generally a quick way of determining bad-average-good.  Crema was nice though, consistent, and had me thinking I might have a decent thing here.  Taste was good, creamy and quite chocolatey (which seems the profile of the beans being used - the drip was reminiscent of the same).  Said and done (from a 'snob' standpoint), the espresso was good, not mindblowing.  I think the grind was right, but either the dosing could be moved up a tiny bit, or tamped a little harder.  Granted, this was the first and only I had there, so I can't necessarily base the entire shop on that one dopio.  All in all, I'm saying it was good, and while the extraction time was right, it could use a little more density.

The drip (see: pour-over) clearly used the same roast, which isn't a complaint.  The same chocolatey, creamy notes were abound.  I feel the dosing was very light, and should have either been a 12oz, or more grounds used.  I actually felt I was drinking a water heavy coffee.  Not terrible, but certainly not great.  I have a sneaking suspicion if the measurement was a bit closer, it would have been a much better brew.  Pour-overs are an art first, for sure, then a science.  I think they have potential here.  Maybe a better pot would help with this brew method as well.


-- I'll be back.  My experience was neither mind-blowing nor off-putting.  I'm hoping after they get into the swing of things and get the kinks ironed out, this will be one of the cooler stops in PHX.  Certainly a great concept and whatnot.
A 100% vegan bakery in Central Phoenix? Dear God. All at once, I'm infuriated and relieved that it's so far away from my house.

Here's what we ordered:
1. Banana bread- 
It has a brown sugar crust. It's delicate, and flavorful, and it has a brown sugar crust. Brown. Sugar. Crust. Order it.
2. Winkie (Twinkie)-
If you want to go vegan but can't bear to give up Hostess crap, now you don't have to! It's just like a Twinkie, only it doesn't contain beef fat and won't give you cancer.
3. Nami Cake (Ding Dong)
This is a rich, dark chocolate cupcake topped with chocolate ganache and filled with cream. Essentially, it's a Ding Dong, if the gas station suddenly became a patisserie. 
4. Chocolate chip cookie -
If you lean towards chewier cookies that are definitely on the sweet side, this is the cookie for you. Plus, they're huge and full of big chocolate chips, and everyone leans towards that.  
5. Mini cupcake -
The one we sampled was a vanilla almond, which I should like... but the sweetness totally outweighed the flavor. However, I think that ratio goes over well with most people, so hey.
6. Cake pops -
The chocolate cake pop covered in dark chocolate hit the spot. This was the most intense chocolate-y thing we ordered, which by the transitive property might make it the best thing? If you're a fan of chocolate, you're a fan of these. Millions of these.

Next time: I still need to try something from the coffee bar, which will undoubtedly be accompanied by banana bread... and probably a cake pop (I mean, I drove all the way out there...)

Apparently, they also do a Tsoynami called "The Mash", which is filled with random mashed up baked goods (I was only informed of this afterward.) Now that I've tasted the desserts the old-fashioned way, separately, why not get them combined and smothered in ice cream? It only seems natural (and I mean, come on, I drove all the way out there...)
I am so excited about this!
I have a dairy allergy and am pretty use to coffee shops using the cheapest soy milk they can find to pacify us non-dairy people, and then typically charge an extra $.50 for it. 

Nami is all vegan.  I was pleasantly surprised when I went there and asked for a  latte and they asked me, "would you like that made with soy, hazelnut, almond, or coconut milk?"  WHAT!?! choices?  They also informed me that once they get more settled they want to start making fresh nut milks.  
The hazelnut latte is awesome.  Also, the "Nami Cakes" are soooo good.
My friend and I went here the other night. We had an affogato, Nami cake, mint/oreo tsoynami, and 2 soy vanilla lattes. 

The service is really fantastic, and the espresso is very good.
Vegan baked goods that are actually good.  I SWEAR IT.  No chalky brownies or too-dense cakes here.  Just amazing, moist, delicious sweets.  Yum.
This is such a great Vegan coffee and dessert spot, even though I am not a Vegan or Vegetarian I love the yumminess they have here and once you have a Nami you will fall in love with their soy goodness!!! My favorite is Dez Hazelnuts however they don't have that one here at this new location only the one in Tempe.  All coffee drinks come with soy at no additional charge, however if you want hazelnut, almond or pecan there is an additional charge not more than .50 cents. and right across the way there is Green the vegetarian restaurant. With this new set up only food is served at Green and only desserts at Nami.  I like this location as it is not too far from route 51 on my way to and from work so I can stop and get a Fair Trade latte that rivals Starbucks.
I love coffee shops. I am a big fan of Chef Damon and his restaurant spawn. I was very excited for Nami!

I got the pumpkin spice latte, my bf got the peppermint latte. While the pumpkin spice latte was delicious, I ended up stealing his peppermint latte. Did you know they use peppermint from their own garden for this? TRY IT! It is perfect for the season.

And their oatmeal creme pie? Very lovely for the dairy-deprived. Don't expect it to be the Little Debbie version, however. It is delicious in it's own right.
The first time I went here, I didn't come away feeling very satisfied mostly because I'm cheap at times. I spent nearly $7 on a cookie and a "winkie." The winkie was good but it wasn't *that* good. I was sorta sulking about that and didn't think I'd go back. But alas, on my next visit, I got one of their Dairy-Queen-like "Tsoynamis" and damn if that stuff isn't crack. I went back a second time in four days because I had to have some of that cream, non-dairy goodness. I had a PB-Chocolate one and more recently a 'Smores one with marshmallow fluffer. Good stuff. I like the coconut milk better in some ways. Anyway, I have to be careful around that place but I mean that in a good way.
I went for the brunch today. 
First of all I just don't understand why they didn't serve brunch at Green, that's where the kitchen is. They were very adamant about waiting until 9am until anyone could place a brunch order even though the place was filling up before 9am. 
Though once orders were placed food came quickly.

The plates were brought over from Green and probably played a hand in why the food wasn't hot, but it was more likely due to it being pre made, quite possibly the day ahead of time, and not heated well, which in turn made for a very dry tofu scramble.
 I got the Sage Sausage Hashsheesh, unfortunately no sage flavor just one note flavor, even so, it would have tasted better Hot and it would have been nice to have toast with it as well.

By the time we left it was standing room only. 

I may be pointing out the obvious here but Nami should stick to being a coffee and pastry shop and let real meals be at Green where food can be served hot from the kitchen into a dining room that can accommodate more people. Maybe consider having an option to order brunch at Nami for the overflow but to have it solely there is asinine.


P.S.
I'd like to add that the first time I visited Nami I ordered the Fluffernutterin
Soynami which is ORGANIC peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmellow flavor and I stood there and watched her scoop in SKIPPY Peanut Butter=Not Cool=False Advertising=Fail!
love!!!
The fact that I have yet to write my review of Nami should be an insult to vegans and sweet lovers everywhere!

Nami, short for Tsoynami, is heaven on earth. or the moon. jupiter. wherever there is heaven, there is Nami.

Soy "tsoft" serve ice cream. Winkies. Snickerdoodles. Various cupcakes. Various cakes. Coffee with a choice of soy, almond, rice, and even hazelnut milk!

Although they have only done it once, Nami is planning on running a regular Sunday brunch in February. I thought it was amazing when I went to the beta test. Multiple scramble options in addition to chilaquilles and other brunch creations. 

Do yourself a favor and stop by. If not for the treats, for the awesome dancing and singing always taking place!

PS... Cheddar and Chive Scone (thank me anytime)
Nami is situated next to the Green New American Vegetarian Restaurant on 7th St, South of McDowell. The baristas are genuinely sweet and their tsoynamis (soy soft serve ice cream - made with coconut milk, soy milk and sugar) are out of this world! I get the mixed frozen berries smashed and mixed together.

Their vegan bakery is amazing: cupcakes, brownies, cookies, you name it. And don't forget to try their coffee! Nom!
OK, each star represents a visit during my less-than-48 hour visit to PHX. YES, I WENT TO NAMI FIVE TIMES IN TWO DAYS. Don't judge. Vegan soft serve is hard to find, people.

3 trips were for tSoynamis.  AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!  had Fluffernutterin, Chai Tiramisu & S'mores.  brought non-vegan friends & they loved it, too.

2 trips were for coffee. the lattes were yummy.  also had a yogurt parfait, delish!

Amazing looking pastries- saving that for next time.

Staff are super friendly & hip & helpful.
Outside the treats, you get an adorable and sleek interior which is very comfortable and feels great to be in, and fun people watching to boot. Its a little expensive for the drinks - I figure that comes with the territory.
Where do I begin?  This place is AMAZING!  I have been many times, and each time I try a new dessert and am always pleased.  They have tsoynami's (think vegan Blizzard), an assortment of vegan/gluten-free pastries, coffee/espresso/non-coffee beverages, and more!  My recent quest to live a life full of plant based foods has landed me here many times, as they offer soy, rice, almond, coconut, and hazelnut milks for my caffeinated bevvy of choice.  They have, by far, the BEST vegan desserts I've tried thus far.  Let me just say, if you're into things like moist chocolate cake, ooey gooey frosted cinnamon rolls, and super delicious doughnuts, this is the place for you.  The staff is always nice and friendly, and they are usually dancing and/or singing, too.  Come on, why wouldn't you go here?!
yaaayyyy!!!! A completely dairy-free dessert zone!!! EVERYTHING here is vegan, even the insanely delicious truffles! (I had rocky road....I almost melted and went to chocolate heaven right there!) 

The Tsoynami's are outrageous! I haven't had 'soft serve ice cream' in a looooooong time...(figured out I was allergic to dairy like 8 years ago..it's been a while!) ...I had coffee coco loco, mmmmm......(writing this review is going to make me leave out the door right now for some more....)...My family ordered the clunky monkey and LOVED it (they are all dairy eaters, so, I think that says a lot!)  

I can't wait to go back and try some cupcakes, and get me some more of those truffles.....SO GLAD there is another location near me!!! (or AM I???)
MMMMMM tsoynamis! 

Long story short, we used to drive alllll the way to Scottsdale to enjoy one of these delectable vegan soft serve concoctions. 

Now, it's a cool ten minute ride from our place! 

(Not good news for my ass.)

They're kind of pricey, but they're huge and should be split. Go for the almond joy or good ol' peanut butter and chocolate (extra pb!) You won't be sorry.
Yeah!   Love this place!!  Went for coffee, nothing special an Americano...it was so creamy and delicious!  Wonder what they use for soy milk?  While I was there, directly after eating at green, I could not resist the soy soft serve tsunami...hope I'm spelling that right.  Chocolate and peanut butter with chocolate chips, so awesome!  Makes me want to move downtown so I can go to Nami at least once a day!
Delicous looking pastries, and pleasant atmosphere.  Its a great alternative to have.  I'm not the biggest sweet fan, and definately not sold on all the crap that goes into vegan foods and sweets, but if one must indulge then this ain't a bad way to go.  I love the location and how nice they keep it.  Its so much nicer thant he original Green.
I'm not one for soy, vegan or vegetarian food, but my taste buds and blood sugar level were both happy after a chocolate donut and mocha latte.
So goooooooood

After Jon S. introduced me to tsoynamis at Green in Scottsdale, a few friends decided to stop by on our way back to Tempe from Bliss. I was surprised to find a cute little cafe next to Green. The guy at the register was super friendly, and helped my friend decide what flavor to get. I decided on the Cookies n Cream but couldn't help to admire all of the baked goods that they had on display. And their drink menu looked delicious also. 

As expected, the tsoynami was amazing and I'll definitely be back if I'm in the area.
I decided to try this place while I was visiting Phoenix since all the Yelp reviews gave them 5 stars! I can see why!!!! I had asked the cashier to recommend me a flavor for their T'soynami, as I have never heard of anything like this before. She suggested the vegan nami. I was unsure at first because I am by far not even close to a vegan... more like a carnivore! I went with her suggestion anyway. The vegan nami is so delicious! I would go back there again and again if I am ever in town again! Vacationing and decided to stop here to kill time because of the rave reviews! I'm so glad I did!!!
We were always skeptical to come here because we aren't vegan and it seemed too pricey. But after hearing so many raves about this place, my husband and I rode our bikes here. The ambiance is charming and the staff is genuinely sweet. 
I enjoyed a toddy while the hubby sipped on a chai tea latte. We shared an oatmeal cream, two oatmeal cookies sandwiched together by icing, addicting but a little too sweet for my taste.

Edited-

We finally tried the tsoynami and it was delicious!!!! In our minds we always rationalized by saying we would rather get blizzards at DQ. So happy we didn't this time around. My favorite is the Chai Tiramisu tsoynami and my husband loves the Fluffernuterin. We've also tried the Almond Oy Vey and the cookies 'n' cream.
Now, I'm not naive enough to think just because it's vegan that it's good for you. But if I'm gonna eat sweets, this is the place to go. The German chocolate cake is awesome! Cool hipster atmosphere and imo there needs to be way more of these types of places in Phoenix.
Good lord these folks were super happy to be serving up vegan treats. Always good when a 5YO doesn't want to share his "ice cream."
Tsoynamis are amazeballs- even if you are accustomed to good old, fully-leaded ice cream treats! :)
Reviewing the coffee bar half of the Nami theme only...

Nami has been the closest espresso bar to my home since opening late last year.  Seeing as the coffee bean is a central part of my daily existence, it took me long enough to make my first visit.  Unfortunately, I would have been fine just delaying it indefinitely.  I can appreciate the whole vegan thing if that's their deal - there's a niche market for that and somebody's got to fill it.  What is astonishing is the refusal to placate the non-vegan crowd (i.e. overwhelming majority) and carry some half & half.   Introducing almond milk to whatever you're drink may be is an utter waste of espresso - trust me on this one.  The novelty of the concept, the trendy and energetic vibe, and the friendly baristas are among Nami's merits.  It's not the kind of coffee house that beckons you to sit down with a laptop or a book while you sip your favorite hot drink.  Hard, uncomfortable seats encourage you get what you came for and take it for the road.
Loved the winkie!  Eat your vegan meal next door at Green and stroll over to Nami for dessert.
Great place for vegan delight! 

If your looking for a vegan friendly coffee / dessert spot in CenPho, I can think of none better than Nami. I came here for the Tsoynami (a vegan friendly dq blizzard) and was not dissapointed. While I don't think you can ever really compare apples to apples when it comes to dairy desserts and non dairy alternatives, it's about as close as you will find. (I wonder if they have one with apples? probably not). I don't think I will ever really find a replacement for my froyo love.

I can't attest for how healthy they are; I imagine the fat content is fairly low, since it is soy based. For those carb / sugar conscious - the ingredients info isn't really posted anywhere, but I imagine there is a fair amount of sugar in whatever toppings, cookies, and candies that go into your frozen dessert. Just do a couple extra sit-ups, it's worth it!
Overall experience: The healthy, even vegan version of Coldstone, and it's AWESOME!

Food: Tsoynami, basically organic, soy-based soft serve dessert, with incredible ingredients mixed in. We tried tried the "No's mint" (organic oreos and mint), which was excellent, the cookies and cream was sweet and crunchy, PB&J (organic peanut butter, organic strawberries, and organic graham crackers) was delectable, and probably the overall favorite of our group, the El Capitan, vanilla tsoynami with organic strawberries and vegan cap'n crunch -- AWESOME! 5 stars

Service: Very good! 4 stars

Price: The serving is huge, and the flavor is excellent, each one is easily shareable between multiple people, all for around $5. 5 stars on value!

ambience: simple but clean, similar to Green Vegetarian next door (same owners, actually). 4 stars.

A great dessert after any meal. Enjoy!
I think ice cream is pretty disastrous, so when I tried the tsoynami, I was in frozen dessert heaven.  I've only tried the fruit blend versions, and crave them regularly.  They're good.  And they're big.  My daughter and I are easily satisfied sharing one.

I'm not a coffee drinker, but do enjoy a good chai latte now and then.  This, by far, is the best chai latte in town.  It's got a fairly descent spice (and I love the spice), and I can actually taste the ginger.  And of course, no dairy.

On the down side, my mom loves her dose of half n half in her coffee.  The non-dairy options just didn't satisfy her one bit.  I would imagine that most of my dairy loving friends might be reluctant to join me there.  Oh well.

P.S. Thanks for the doggie-patio love.  She loves riding over with me.
Had the "Winkie" and sorry to say it was disgusting. It was an oily bomb of sugar that burned my throat with the ridiculous amount of sugar in this product. Health wise you would be better off eating a real Twinkie. The Winkie left such a bad taste in my mouth that I am afraid to try anything else.
when you're gluten-free, vegan, soy milk and almond milk intolerant and you can't have any caffeine, it's torture to go into any bakery or coffeehouse.  Not at Nami.  What was great about this place was the gluten-free vegan treats...yes they are sugary...my favorite is the two snickerdoodle cookies pressed together with some sort of awesome creamy goodness in the middle.  And, they can make steamers with rice or coconut milk!!!  finally a coffeehouse I feel good going to!
I don't even know how many times I've been to Nami since it opened. It really doesn't matter that it's 30 minutes away from my house... I make up reasons to go weekly.

An update on the "Here's what we ordered" section:
1. Cinnamon roll -
A classic. They heat it up for you so that it's too warm and fragrant and irresistible not to finish. It's perfect. I hate it. I hate them. (That's a lie.)
2. Chocolate cake doughnut - 
Call me a conspiracy theorist, but I'm pretty sure that this is just a ring-shaped piece of chocolate cake. That said, it's a very good piece of ring-shaped chocolate cake.
3. Sugar cookie - 
I brought this home for my very non-vegan little sister, who tasted it immediately and said, "This (nom) is the best (nom) sugar cookie (nom) I've ever had in my life!"
4. House made granola, yogurt & berry parfait - 
Nami's granola is like cocaine. You will never be able to have enough of it. But that's okay, because on some mornings it just feels right. I do wish the yogurt wasn't soy-based and the berries weren't frozen, but honestly, it still rocks.
5. Vegan Victory Bar - 
If you're looking for something more wholesome, this peanut butter-chocolate-spirulina (hence the green color)-nut-seed bar will satisfy your sweet tooth without making you feel gypped for picking the 'healthier' option.
6. Hazelnut milk latte - 
Any of the lattes from Nami are fantastic. Choose coconut, almond, soy, hazelnut, or rice milk for a strong, nutty cup of awesome (and you can sweeten it with Stevia!)
7. The MASH - If you're feeling daring, this is a fun way to spin the wheel of dessert fortune. I've ended up with a carrot cake tsoynami and a mint chocolate chip one. Both were delicious, but nothing beats the Monsoon.
8. Brownie -
Literally the best brownie I've ever had. So chewy-rich-intensely-chocolate-y. It didn't even taste like there was flour in it. I want a hundred of them. Right now.
9. Peanut butter bar - Don't be intimidated by this dense looking log. It's actually a light, crunchy, nougat-y bar with a thin layer of chocolate on top, although it does resemble peanut butter fudge.

The thing is... I've never had brunch here, which means I should probably head back on Sunday to get a feel for it. Now there's an idea.
It's definitely a treat.  I got to split one with a friend after eating at Green and it was excellent.  A nice alternative for avoiding dairy.

Not sure of the flavor, but pretty sure it had bananas and cookies.  One is more than enough to share with multiple people especially after a meal.

Another great place in the central corridor
Had to write an update since they now serve brunch on Sundays.

I went in and was slightly disappointed to see that just about everything was with tofu scramble (not the hugest tofu fan), but I made a selection: The Benedict Arnold.  Made up of roasted asparagus, Canadian "bacon", "hollandaise", and scrambled tofu.  You can get it in a bowl (for the gluten-free kids), or wrapped in a tortilla.  I chose the tortilla, cause well...I love a damn good burrito!  

It came out, and I was ready.  First bite in, and I knew we had a winner!  The combination of all flavors was perfection to my taste buds.  They have a decent selection to choose from, including: cinnamon rolls, yogurt parfaits, other burrito or bowl delights, coffees and juices, and more.

It was a nice brunch experience and hope to come back for more.
Brunch is awesome.  I've come here on two occasions for Brunch and have left satisfied. I've had the sausage hash as a wet chimichanga and it was delicious (though I don't know how anything deep fried cannot be delicious). Last sunday, I got the benedict arnold and it too was great. Even the fake canadian bacon tasted like real meat (though more like bologna, which I think is still delicious).  But the real star of each brunch was the zeppole. Delicious fried donut balls with an sublime strawberry sauce! HEAVEN! 

I don't quite understand why they just don't use the space from Green to host brunch, since all the food comes from that kitchen anyway, but I guess it's a branding thing

The rest of the time, nami is fine. Everything is ok to good, such as the drinks, pastries, and tsoynamis. The donuts I've had there (besides the zeppole tend to get stale very quickly.)

I do get a kick out of the fact that their symbol looks like a little poo.
So, I have had to go gluten-free so I have been checking out their GF treats.

I love the pb bars, and the victory bars. OH and the yankee doodle?! MAGICAL.

NEEDS more cupcakes that are gluten-free though. I want cupcakes.

I love that I can be comfortably vegan and gluten-free as I struggle adding a new restriction to my lifestyle. I have also decided that almond milk makes my favorite latte.

The baristas are always exuberant and friendly and I always feel welcomed.
I have a dairy allergy and a weakness for Ice Cream. I tried one of Nami's tSoynami's ($4.50 for a lot) which is sort of like a DQ Blizzard only made with what tastes like Homemade Ice Cream only this has Soy rather than Cow milk. I went with the Fluffernutterin (organic peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmallow flavor). I can honestly say this was better than a DQ Blizzard. They also have yummy cupcakes and cookies and other treats, coffee & Sunday Brunch. I also like their restaurant Green located next door and I am far from a Vegetarian but good is good.
First of all, the people who work here are great and very welcoming. It's great!

At first I didn't know this place was vegan, and when I found out I was surprised. It's great! I'm vegetarian and try to eat vegan foods as much as possible. I also do not eat gluten, and it's great that they have vegan, and gluten free pastries! As well as vegan and gluten free ice cream.

The price is very reasonably, $5.00 on the dot, for an ice cream. You can even add extra pecans or strawberries, etc., at no extra cost. 

I would recommend this place to anyone who wants great ice cream! Vegan, vegetarian, or not, I'm sure everyone will enjoy it. 

The decor is nice as well. With local artists selling their artwork. It's very minimalistic. Which is very nice. It goes with the PHX downtown vibe.
Mine eyes hath seen the glory of this vegan bakery,
It indulges my most tender taste buds decadently,
If I lived a mile closer, I'd have a huge belly,
My mouth is munching on!!!!!!

10 stars. I may have a small sense of patriotism towards the Green/Nami powerhouse being vegan, but there are no reasons to take away stars. More like lots of reasons to add stars. The interior at Nami is small, quaint and humble. It overflows with hipsters and yuppies alike not to mention hard rockers and tree huggers. Everyone who is anyone can find something delicious here regardless of the wear and tear of your converse shoes or how long you've been working on your sleeve. If you have the ability to raise a hand to your mouth carrying a donut, you'll leave happy.

We came for Sunday brunch and were filled with too many "mmmmm"s to count. The tofu scramble was perfection and those wings are seriously wing-ding-dang good. The bevvies are delicious and it's probably doesn't even need to be mentioned that the tsoynamis are the best and surest way to fight the 105 degrees outside. Can't wait to come back and get my birthday cupcake here.
Try a chai tsoynami, so good, the soy whip is amazing!
I want to re-review this place every time I try something new here!  I think the chai tsoynami changed my life last week.  But maybe I'm only saying that because I am lost in a post chocolate peanutbutter cupcake high. So rich.  So moist. Dare I say it?  BETTER than any non-vegan cupcake I've ever had.  Utter decadance.
I LOVE Love this place!!! Super tasty and AAMmmmazing!!! 

Try the rocky road - walnut chunks with marshmallow fluff

almond joy tsoynami - loads of shredded coconut goodness

The only downfall was that one time their machine were down and they only had their baked goods available.
Vegan desserts in the AZ desert. Is this an episode of the twilight zone? 

It's just a testament to the growing diversity in body, mind and palette here everyday.

I love the fact that I eat their ice cream and don't feel fat afterwards.
Nami-you had me at hello!

My sweet tooth is SO thankful this exists and that it is close to my work site (though I'd prefer it was closer to my home-pretty please consider setting up another one in Chandler/Gilbert??? :). I'm a loyal Green customer (no restaurant has topped this restaurant as far as I know, NATIONALLY!!), and Nami is an exciting addition. I haven't gone there for Brunch, but I do plan on very very soon! 

I can't pick a favorite because everything is good there. I like to try a new Tsoynami flavor each time I go there. I love their play on their toppings such as Captain Crunch and how it brings back childhood memories. 

This is a place I would bring my non-vegans to-not one of them has walked away disappointingly.
I LOVE the product, but it takes so long to get your order that I've been late getting back to work.
I'm a fan of cool, hip coffee places and to find a place like this in PHX was gravy! 

After finishing up a road trip vacay of the four corners states, a much needed iced cold coffee back home to Los Angeles would be nice. Especially when your in this Arizona desert heat Nami can't go wrong and thanks to my trusted Yelp search this place made me feel like hipster home.

Parking can be tight here and we ended up parking at the rear. There is a rear entrance way to get inside if you are parking from the backside of the shop. Why I like hipster joints like these? its because many offer different types of coffee in their special menu, not just ordinary and I like the cool savvy ambiance. 

It was on a sunday here close to brunch time it was packed here, and hell no we are not getting out this line! Patience is worthy here trust me. Looking at their menu on the wall they do have an impressive variety from deserts, hot coffee or cold but most of all its Vegan powered here! 

We ordered the Caramel Mochaito and the Cactus Haboob ( not sure if its spelled exactly right )  but their specials had names like "the Mash" among others. Im not sure what our iced coffees had in them but the name says it all and what really matters is the taste. Our drinks were $5.00 each. which is cool, you gotta remember VEGAN.

The staff here are pros because we didn't wait too long for our orders and the place was busy. After taking a few sips of our drinks, it wasn't overly sweet with any sugar rush or any of that coffee bitterness, all I can say is that both our drinks tasted smooth especially the Caramel Moch. I had was silk as Dove chocolate and the Cactus Haboob was cool and refreshing like Freddy Flintstone's Cactus Coola.

Checkout their other desserts here they look eye candy and promising.
I highly recommend coming to Nami and to do away the Starbucks! Think Vegan!
I am not a dessert person by any means but in the 100+ degree Phoenix heat I love a cold Soynami.
tsoynami. some crazy vegan cold stone blizzard. they make their own vegan soft serve and it's actually very good. you can pick all sorts of things to mix into it and it's delicious. They have tons of donuts, baked goods, and coffee drinks.
Love Nami, we go almost every Sunday for brunch. Such a great idea they separated Green from Nami. The sage sausage scramble is definitely a must-try. Great atmosphere and people
Great Americanos and lattes. Haven't jumped on their baked good as there is just something off to me about vegan products but I'll leave that stuff to the kids that love it :)

Apparently I need to try their frozen soft-serve thang... Soynami...it's where it's at i keep hearing. 

Great great great job on the renovation of the building and thoughtful material choices and design. A very nice addition to 7th street. Nice to see, said the Phoenix native :)
I was in Phoenix for work recently.  After picking up my rental car, I was in dire need for coffee.  I did a quick yelp search and decided to check out Nami, as it was somewhat on the route to my destination.  The barista greeted me when I walked in and was very friendly when letting me know all the milk alternative options.  I decided to be slightly adventurous and try coconut milk with my latte.  I'm not sure if I particularly liked coconut milk, but it was worth a try.

It was very hot and toasty in Phoenix and I ordered a hot coffee instead of an iced coffee.  Not sure why I didn't think to order an iced one...  despite the hot coffee on a very hot day, I still enjoyed it.  Thank Nami for providing me with caffeine :)
A friend and I ended up at Nami yesterday by some sort of happy accident. Her car was blocked by a delivery truck over at Rice Paper, so we decided to walk over to get a coffee while we waited for the truck to move. I'm very happy we did! This place only serves vegan milks (I think.....no cow's milk, anyway). I was a bit worried that I would not be a fan, as I am not vegan. I ordered a cappuccino with soy milk (their 'base' milk) and my friend had a vanilla latte with rice milk (they said this was closest to 'skim' milk). I didn't try her coffee, but mine was very good! The consistency was right for a cappuccino, the espresso was bold without being bitter or acidic, and the whole thing was very pleasant. While we were there, tons of people came in to get ice cream. Maybe next time I should try some ice cream...it looked tasty. I did have a sample of one of their vegan chocolate baked goods and it was incredible! I was shocked! I have tried lots of vegan baked goods and have not liked them in the least, but this little chocolate nutty baked thing was spot on. There is a definite return trip in my future.
I'm always trying to find new places that offer vegan & gluten free bakery options and this place does not disappoint. I love that they make their own nut milks and the coffee was right on. Will definitely be back again and again!
Cannot say enough about this place. The Food is delicious and all dairy free. The staff is really nice and helpful. Did i mention that the food is delicous? Sunday brunch is a treat and they seem to be super busy. Go support local vegan business.
In my searching of vegan options in Phoenix I stumbled across Nami that was listed as a 100% vegan ice cream shop/bakery/coffee shop.  Further search brought up photos of indulgent ice cream sundaes called tSoynamis.  We had the perfect opportunity to check out Nami following my birthday dinner at Pizza Heaven Bistro, since it was just up the street.

Not only does is Nami 100% vegan but they also carry many gluten-free options for those interested. Nami is located just next door to it's restaurant counterpart, Green.

The staff was super friendly.  Given so many choices they also gave us a hand selecting our tSoynami.  My husband went with the "Mash" which is a mash up of baked goods and other yummy additions of the maker's choice.   In other words a "Mash" will never be the same.  He was quite impressed by the tastiness of his treat and I will admit I stole many spoonfuls of his.

I chose the "Fluffernutterin'" which contained organic peanut butter, banana, ricemellow fluff and toasted marshmallow flavor.  Definitely a win in my book.

What made our experience even better?  When I saw that our treats were served in a biodegradable 16oz cup along with a wooden biodegradable spoon.  I'm all about reducing my carbon footprint.

Checking out their Facebook page I see that they have Hot Fudge Sundays and Sunday Brunch, both of which I know I will have to check out.  Not to mention, I definitely need to try some of their vegan baked goods ASAP. Vegan donuts exist too!!

The good and bad is that it's a pretty big trek to Nami for us.  Good since I think I'd be there every day.  Bad, that I wish it wasn't that far.  Even so I've  visited Nami 4 times since arriving in Phoenix just under a month ago -_-.  My excuses are that once it was my birthday and the other 3 I just happened to be in the area while exploring all Phoenix has to offer.  Hey, I had to take advantage of my opportunities.

Yes, vegan soft serve ice cream exists and it truly is heavenly.
All I can say is this coffee/ice cream/sweet shop is inspirational!  Coupled with it's parent restaurant in the same parking lot, you are certainly in for a great night of eats!

All of my experiences have been nothing short of amazing.  I have eaten at Nami for breakfast, desert after lunch, desert after dinner and for a mid-day snacks.

The coffee is all vegan and fair trade and they offer all kinds of milks to add in with your lattes and such.  Packaging for the coffee is also awesome.  For breakfast, you can opt for some power vegan bars sitting on the counter, quiche or search through the sweets display case.  For deserts, my favorite is the cupcake which was inspired with the Hostess cake but it's vegan!  That's right... chocolaty-goodness with white cream filing and icing on top! oh my!  They also have a chai cupcake which has a cinnamon-like icing on top... yum yum!  They have snicker doodles with icing sandwiched in between and mini-cookies to scarf down.  Everything is vegan!  They are famous for something known as a soy-nami but I've never made it to the vegan ice cream!  I'm always opting for the aforementioned sweets!  If I ever get to one, I will review again... They also do sundaes and live music on Sunday nights.

For dinner, walk across the parking lot to Green Pastures.  See my review for this restaurant as well.
Nice place for sit down, read books, calm chat, and the desserts and everything were perfect!
If I was vegan, I would probably give this place 5 stars. I usually come here if I have a vegetarian or vegan friend that I'm trying to accommodate. Their tsoynamis are great and the brunch is also really good. I don't like that they stop serving food so early and only have baked goods (especially when Green is closed!). Not very much seating but you are able to go over to Green if it's open. I'm not trying to put extra visits to Green into my schedule, but I'm not declining either.
Went this past Sunday for brunch. Got the biscuits and gravy. Freaking PHENOMENAL. I will definitely be going back. Try everything on the menu has officially been added to my life goals.
Only 10 min away from walking distant.
This is really really really good, also really really really bad.

I am almost finished with trying each soynami.... So far and not a fan of the one with banana.
YET EVERYTHING is.... just... just good. Place me on top of a Swiss alp let me sing, dance, and exclaiming goodness oozing. 

Also i can eat one and not feel lik I am creating havoc for my metabolism to compensate.

RL:

NOTE: Oddly takes an unusually amount of time to get into my hands. 10min?
Worth the wait, worth the walk, worth the extra chocolate ;)
They're getting sloppy.

While I appreciate the novelty of vegan ice cream (which, most store bought brands are better) with various mix-ins, and vegan baked goods, there is a lot to complain about.

Their facebook touts Hot Fudge Sundays in which affogatos and hot fudge sundaes are $2. We went there and asked for a hot fudge sundae and were met with confusion by the barista who brought over the other girl who explained that they "do not have sundaes but we can put hot fudge on an ice cream cup." 

What? Is that not a sundae?! Did you not have this posted on your facebook as a special? They're doing a poor job of making their staff aware. 

Additionally, the more I get tsoynamis, the more they're screwed up. They often will leave out ingredients or sometimes change them completely. This is a VERY big deal because I am gluten-intolerant... If I order a GF tsoynami, what is the risk they will add a non-GF ingredient and I won't notice until I ingest a bit?

I don't know... Maybe I am over the novelty, or maybe they're just getting sloppy.
World class right here. World fuckin class. This shit is unbelievable. The best pastries I've ever had in my life. Way over the top. Way to be Chef.
Soynami...delicious.......
WOW.. to be honest WOW

I thought I had some good vegetarian food before, but this place owns it all. 

Best Mock meat i have ever had! My fiancee got the mock chicken, (some noodle dish, i forget the name, but it was around the top of the menu), I got a tofu version of the spicy noodle bowl (whatever their name was i forget, i will know it if i see it)

Needless to say i really enjoyed each dish. I would love to try other things on their menu and I think...no i KNOW we will be back some time too.

Their coffee shop is freakn awesome, which is next door. I got a drink there, my fiancee got some vegan pastries after me telling her don't cause i never had a good one before.

Well i was wrong they were pretty good cookies...(though i don't like to mention it too often). the coffee was great too. It helps when you have friendly fun baristas working. 

No snobs here. just people who love their jobs. (unless you are the jerk who comes i and tries to start something)
tsoynamis (which you an get at both green locations too) are delicious!

my boyfriend thoroughly devoured all the other goodies we got with me barely getting a taste - but they were pretty good! especially the butterscotch marshmallow squares.

they also make donuts on weds and sunday - i wish we could have tried them!
Vegan blizzards! Their tsyonamis are consistently good and you won't miss the dairy. I especially enjoy the cookie dough one, so much that I haven't tried too many others. The staff is always friendly and they even offered to split our tsyonami so my husband and I could share.
So, it was just okay ice cream. My biggest complaint was not that. It was actually.... the spoons. I don't want rough wood on my tongue. There I said that phrase out loud, and I would actually not eat there again just because of the coarse wooden spoons. I wasn't the only one in our birthday group that made the, It-feels-like-I-just-licked-a-napkin face. In fact, one of the girls' spoon snapped in two while trying to scoop some of the gummy chocolate out of hers. She threw the almost full cup now with splinter sprinkles away.
I've had better ice cream at Baskin Robbins and made no spoon induced grimaces while doing it.
How can you not like Nami? Delicious pastries, brunch, coffee, and killer service. Need I say more? I visit this place often and I love their yogurt parfait! Please go. Enjoy some sweets paired with a hot cup of coffee and take all your friends there.
NOTHING LIKE THIS PLACE ANYWHERE!!! i always have to get a different tsoynami when i come to phoenix. i crave this year round and look forward to coming back to phoenix almost solely to visit nami. it is soooooooooo delicious. this time i had a betterfinger tsoynami with chick-o-sticks in it. to die for. amazing.
Tsoynamis are one of my favorite foods in the world. I'm lactose intolerant and love blizzards, so it's a match made in heaven. I go to Green a lot as I live nearby, and have never felt unwelcome there, so I had no reason to think I'd feel that way about their sister joint, Nami. So after a disappointing dinner at Nobou at Teeter House in downtown phx, bf and I were excited to turn our night around with dessert at Nami when we realized we were super close to it and it was still open (since Green would have been closed by the time we got there). Their hours posted indicate they close at 9:30pm on Fridays, and we arrived at 9:20 after calling to confirm they were still open. 

We walked in, and there were a few groups of people sitting and leisurely enjoying their ice cream and baked goods. We walked up to the counter and bf knew what he wanted right away (s'mores tsoynami with pb added...SO good!). I, on the other hand, needed a minute to decide since they had a huge bakery case filled with things I never see at Green and wanted to try out, in addition to the full tsoynami menu. 

I asked a few questions, which the light-haired woman working there was happy to answer. She disappeared to make bf's tsoynami, though, and we were then met with an icy stare and complete annoyance by the dark-haired woman working there. I like to give people the benefit of the doubt, and hey, it's Friday night and she probably wanted to close up so she could go out. But it wasn't even 9:30, and she had zero interest in making this customer happy. 

I said I was debating between a cookie and a tsoynami, while she rolled her eyes and continued to tap her fingers on the counter. Her response, rather than a suggestion or recommendation for something to order, was, "We close in five minutes." Ok? I know that already? Why wouldn't you just try to hurry us along in a constructive way, rather than making me feel afraid to ask you any questions about your products?

She continued to sigh and look around, willing us to disappear, and honestly I wish we would have left right then. But we were starving, and I really wanted to enjoy one of their delicious looking treats. I decided in my head that I wanted a tsoynami, but I was way too afraid to have that lady actually prepare something for me as I was pretty sure she would spit in it, in addition to the length of time it would have taken to prepare which surely would have put us over her 5-minute limit. I said I'd take the cookie, to get us out of there sooner. We still had to wait another minute for bf's tsoynami to be finished, and felt her stare us down the whole time. Mind you, there are still parties of other customers at tables still lingering. We were definitely NOT responsible for keeping them open, but we sure were made to feel that way!

I don't care how tasty your treats are, I would never EVER go back there...who wants to leave a dessert place with such a sour taste in their mouth? I will be getting all of my future tsoynamis at Green, where they never make me feel like I'm doing something wrong by asking questions or spending a minute debating between a few items.
After stuffing ourselves at Green, my husband and I walked over to Nami to top off our meal. We each ordered a Tsoynami. I had the Cookies 'n' Cream and my husband had Coffee Coco Loco. 

The Tsoynamis where huge but they were so good and not overly rich like whole milk ice cream. The added ingredients were plentiful and I had cookie pieces and chocolate syrup in every bite. The wooden spoons wigged us out a little, but we worked through it.

After sitting in Nami eating our Tsoynamis, we couldn't resist getting a few items to go. My husband was excited to find Ethiopian whole coffee beans at a great price ($10). I got a Nami cake--a chocolate cupcake reminiscent of the traditional Hostess variety with white cream filling and chocolate frosting. My first vegan cupcake and such a great one to start with. We also got a delicious looking oatmeal cream pie cookie that was equally delicious. There were so many cupcakes and delicious baked goods to choose from, it was hard to decide. I think Nami will become a regular stop every time we go to Green.
Came here to meet my tutor for some late night studying + ice cream. The ice cream was awesome and they had a ton of things to mix in - delicious! Someone nearby got some curry thing that smelled amazing - really interested in trying some of the food and tofu selections. Looks good! I'd definitely be back sooner if I didn't live so far.
The tsoynami's here are delicious. I had the almond oy-vay: coconut, chocolate syrup and almonds. My friend made her own with peanut butter, coconut and chocolate cookies.  Both were really good and pretty large for $4.50. We also tried the chocolate baked donut and the granola. The donut was okay, the granola had lots of cashews and cinnamon and was really tasty. Definitely the highlight was the tsoynamis i wouldnt come back for the test. Yeah the people working there could be friendlier but it wont stop me from coming back.
rocky road, yum!! I am not vegan, not vegetarian, (considering...) this place helps put a check in the pro's of being vegan for my debate.  It would help ease the pain of not having ice cream, because it was very very good.
Affogato yum!
Recently I found out I'm allergic to eggs.  I thought my sweets-loving life was over... That is until my friend brought me to Nami just around the corner from my home.
They have so many baked goods that are completely vegan - that means no eggs!  They are good too.  I've attempted to make eggless goodies and most of them do not come out well.  Nami has many selections such as snickerdoodles and chocolate chip cookies.  Most recently, I had a tsoynami with cookie dough and other chocolately goodness in it.  It was one of the best desserts ever!  
I'm happy to know I can cruise over on my bike the next time I have a sweet tooth rather than having to make something myself.
Peanut butter and jelly is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very tasty vegan ice cream... tasted incredibly creamy, with a vanilla and coconut base. I loved it. I got the thin mint ice cream and I relished in every bite.

They also use wooden spoons, which are a weird dry texture on  your mouth, but still pretty neat.

Would definitely go back.
Good stuff all around!
Nami = Nummy, enough said!
Their banana tsoynami is amazing.  Seriously, I'm not 100% sure if there is crack in the banana tsoynami (is crack vegan?) but it's that addictive!  

It's a little bit pricey, but who cares?!?  Yum!!
I was introduced by a friend and got a "banana cream pie"! in love forever! I also love the red velvet cupcake! (when its in stock). Service there is usually always nice and prompt, this evening the girl working wasn't as friendly as I am used to the other girls working there but that isn't going to make me rate less because I am addicted, muhahahahha!
Items sampled across visits:

Deez Hazelnuts Tsoynami - Hazelnut Brittle, Dark Chocolate Bar, Chocolate Fudge

Pumpkin Pie Tsoynami - Pumpkin Puree, Pumpkin Spice, Vanilla Wafers, Maple Syrup, Whipped Cream

Betterfinger Tsoynami - Chick o Stick, Chocolate Chip, Buttercrunch Syrup

Snicker Fudge

Zucchini Donut

Blueberry Fritter

Blueberry Cream Cheese Turnover

Gluten Free Yankee Doodle

Namicake

Cinnamon Roll

Red Velvet Champagne Cupcake

Coffee

Maple Bar

Nami-o Donut

Chick o Stick Donut

Smiley Face Pancakes

Having admitted my fondness for baked goods and a perhaps odd fascination with vegan pastry it was only a matter of time before I visited nami - in part due to the aforementioned interests and good word of mouth from a vegetarian friend and in part due to its location just down the street - but little did I know just how good it would turn out to be...or how many times I'd visit (Three to be exact, the most recent being a breakfast with friends on 12/30/12.)

Owned by Damon Brasch and operated on a daily basis by what seems to be a collection of cute college girls that you might see at Whole Foods or a local Co-Op, most of the things that nami does it does very well, perhaps most surprisingly their vegan take on the Blizzard entitled 'tsoynami,' the rich soy-based ice cream lacking any hint of "soy" and fixed with any number of mix-ins, some menu staples and other seasonal.  Available 7:00am to 9:30pm I've had them at both ends of the spectrum and honestly prefer them to any frozen "shake" I've had save for, perhaps, the concretes at Shake Shack - the pumpkin was particularly excellent as part of breakfast.

Moving to the baked goods, as much as I wanted to like the donuts I just could not, save for the baked zucchini version and the dense blueberry fritters.  Perhaps it was the glaze or perhaps the actual batter but something about each of them harkened that 'beany' flavor that turns so many off to soy based vegan foods.  More impressive, perhaps due to the intense sweetness or a different glaze, the cinnamon roll was a much better choice, as was the turnover with a light flakey shell, sweet whipped soy, and fresh blueberry puree.

Moving on to the rest - I think it is safe to say that anything nami makes with chocolate is a safe bet - the rich organic tablets behind the bar likely 70% cocoa or better and a dominant flavor whether in a tsoynami, drizzled on a pancake, baked into a moist cupcake, or best of all made into dense "snickers" fudge that trumps the original by miles.

Last, and certainly not least, for those who don't want chocolate - and all the more so for those unfortunate enough to be gluten intolerant (the real sort, not the trendy Hollywood stuff,) get the Yankee Doodle - a nearly quarter pound snicker doodle sandwich with dense, creamy filling, that is better than any snickerdoodle I've had elsewhere - vegan, veg, gluten free, or otherwise.
I'm not really sure what the big deal is with this place. It's fine but nothing really tastes better than you can get anywhere else... it just costs more.

It's not the kinda place that you want to go and just hang out as there is nowhere comfortable to sit and it's really small.
Man!  The ice cream here is better than real ice cream!  Get the chocolate mint ice cream.  So amazing!  And affordable!
As I never expected a vegan restaurant (Green) to have the best hamburger I've tried, I felt the same about cheesecake.
I almost didn't bother ordering it. I mean it's main ingredients are eggs and dairy. But this was delicious! Sweet but not too sweet, rich, creamy....
I've had cupcakes, Tsoynami's, cookies. It's all good. You can't go wrong regardless of what you order.
I even had gluten free biscuits and gravy here. Just like mom makes!
Prickly pear iced tea, I REPEAT TRY THE PRICKLY PEAR ICED TEA. RIGHT. NOW. The chai tea blew my mind, might have surpassed Lux's (just might have). Tried an apple fritter ball and went to heaven! Okay on a serious note, this is a cute little vegan coffee shop that provides vegan pastries, ice cream (yes to my lactose intolerant friends!), and food. The shop is cute, the two girls that were running the show behind the counter were kickin butt and takin names since they were slammed and they were super helpful to us Nami virgins (my husband and I). We will definitely be back to try the ice cream because we kept on drooling seeing all the people walk by with these amazing looking cups nestled in their hands. OH JYAHHHH.....
A good friend always raves about this place so I decided to meet her there for a dessert & chat this afternoon. The Coffee Coco Loco tSoynami was just OK. Cappuccino was average. Conversation with a good friend is what made this visit special. 2 Stars and nothing more. Cheers***
Had a Banana Cream Pie tSoynami and it was delicious, and grabbed a Vegan Victory Bar and even though it had a dark green color to it, it was still great to top off my Calexico Burger from Green next door...I'm def coming here more often
Love this place!  I am not a vegan but they have the best treats in Phoenix. This is a Coffee Shop and Bakery all in one place.  I have been here a couple times and never disappointed.  They have these sinfully delicious treats called tSoynami.  They use a house-made organic soy based, tsoft tserve ice cream and you can choose your goodies.  I tried Cookie Dough tSoynami and oh my was this good!  You have ice cream, cookie dough and some chocolate sauce.  I am getting hungry just thinking about this.  Soy Captain is another favorite.  Vegan Captain Crunch and strawberries....tastes like you are having a bowl of cereal!  Nami does have a great selection of baked goodies.  They have my favorite Snickerdoodles.  I could eat these all day!
It's close to my work, so anytime I want ice cream, I go here (even though Coldstone is closer). They have awesome flavors. My favorites are the coffee coco loco and there is a special cookie dough one...Awesome. The people that work there are really nice, and if you have a million questions about what kind of cinnamon they use in their cookies, they won't get mad and they'll actually answer. The only downside is the tiny parking lot for Nami+Green, but you can usually make do.
Had the cookie dough ice cream and espresso shake (it's not on the menu, but you can request it). Both were good. The cookie dough chunks were HUGE, and the espresso shake was what you expect it to taste like. The portion size for the ice cream is pretty big. One order is share-able in my opinion.
While you can find some of my favorites added to my post for Green I just tried an affogoto and I am hooked. I LOVE straight espresso so found myself eating spoon fulls of it straight but by the time i got to the bottom of my cup all that was left was tons of syrup. Next time I'll mix it all up and make myself a vegan flurry for sure. 

My friend Mariah works in here, if you see her or any of the staff you'll be greeted with a smile and the owners the man too. 

Definitely come in here for some vegan deliciousness but be ready for the post soy gas as well. 

Suggestions include peanutbutter chocolate bars, peanut butter frosted banana muffins, tsoynamis, and as stated above AFFOGOTOS! 

Oh one more tip, if you like chai get their desert haboob ;)
Very fun place!  Vegan ice cream is such a novel idea, and they do it well.  I had the chai tiramisu tSoynami and my sister had the almond oy vey.  It was my birthday, so she let me swap with her because I liked hers a lot better!
Sunday brunch is simply amazing. Im a regular there for sure. Girls know my name and always compliment me. They're super friendly and has great customer service. The place is Super chill and great atmosphere.  

I love their freah sunflowers they have around the shop.
their drinks and food are phenomenal.  Whatever you order on the menu,  you wont go wrong!!!!
I've been here a few times, most recently for brunch! I've been meaning to try their breakfast items considering how much I love their tSoynamis and Green. 

The set up is a little confusing. I didn't realize that you have to order at Nami, but have the choice of sitting there or at Green next door. We opted to sit at Green, since there's much more space. One of my friends who is a strict vegan, suggested the biscuits and gravy-and almost everyone in my party ordered it. I haven't had biscuits and gravy since going meat free a few years ago so I was pretty excited about it! I also ordered their pumpkin spice mocha. It tasted like a holiday in a cup. So, so delicious.

Our order arrived not long after we got our table at Green, so service was quite quick! Our food was quite tasty! They have the market cornered on that dish! I can't find another place that has a vegetarian friendly b&g! Even my boyfriend who is a big meat eater thought it tasted good! The scramble was alright, I think I expected it to taste more like eggs than the veggie taco meat that I make at home (we're probably using the same seasonings-who knows!) It was still good, just not what I was expecting. The potatoes were phenom! Perfectly crisp on the outside! Yum.  

Looking forward to a return visit! Green and Nami are two of the best vegan spots in the area!
I needed to update the review as the BF and I rode bikes here yesterday to get a dessert (clearly we needed a reward for our exercise :-P). We got the Elvis cupcake and it was just not good. The frosting had crystals in it....like sugar crystals I guess.....it was grainy and too sweet. The cake was bland. It was just not good at all and very disappointing. Also, if you get it to go, they put it in a cup with a lid, which is fine and kind of a cute idea, but ended up in a smashed cupcake due to the bumpy ride home.  I guess the coffee is still good, but I was just unimpressed yesterday....I can't say I would go back any time soon.
I've been meaning to check out nami for a while now so we finally popped in this past Sunday as we are doing a vegan challenge. They have really yummy vegan desserts! If you are thinking of using the wifi though its pretty spotty but otherwise a great place to chill! On Sunday evenings they have live music as well which is nice.
i came here for the Sunday brunch in July when my boyfriend visited me. i got the benedict arnold plate and he got wing ding dang plate.

the tofu scramble that comes with every meal tastes only of tumeric. not good. they need to throw some kala namak in there to give it more of an authentic egg flavor. the hash potatoes were okay - they really needed ketchup but no ketchup was to be found.

i tried one of my boyfriend's wings and it was one of the foulest things i have ever tasted. there was way too much vinegar in the sauce. yet, he still somehow loved them. i'm convinced that boy has no taste whatsoever.

i've never had nonvegan hollandaise sauce so i have nothing to compare it to, but the hollandaise sauce that came on my plate just tasted like mustard to me. which, i imagine, is not the way hollandaise is supposed to taste.

despite all this, the donuts are TO DIE FOR. I got a maple bar and ohhhhhh my god! it tasted just like the real deal! 

i don't know WHAT they make their canadian bacon out of, but it is the best dang canadian bacon i have EVER had! it tastes JUST like regular ham! 

on your way out, they also have some refreshing complimentary cucumber water which i really enjoyed. 

i wish i could give this place more stars simply for being an all-vegan restaurant, but the food is either hit or miss. would i come here again? absolutely. but probably just for the amazing donuts and canadian bacon. :^)
Tsoynami! Oh Em Gee, delicious. 

Really good brunch on Sundays, with interesting and tasty specials (sweet cauliflower breakfast curry, what?!).

Pretty attentive and pleasant staff (lack of comma ambiguity).  

Can get crowded and loud indoors during peak brunch hours, but there's a significant amount of outdoor seating if the noise is bothersome. 

Also, multiple sriracha sightings. 

Sleep well knowing that although those doughnuts and tsoynami aren't helping your waistline, they also aren't directly supporting an industry of cruelty.
By far some of the best food in Phoenix, AZ is served here.  Their food is well prepared, fresh and always delicious!! Excellent place to fill up on even if your in a bit of a hurry.  Stop here and try it, you will not regret you did.
Amazing vegan sweets! Love their Sunday brunch! Highly recommend.  

Note: it does get loud and overrun by hipsters, but the food is still well worth it.
Was recommended to try this place out per my new yelp friend Christine. Came here for brunch and have to admit that their Carmel latte w/almond milk is by far better than Starbucks! We couldn't leave without getting their famous tSoynami (clunky monkey), can't believe it was dairy free...YUM!!!
Great little place! Nice to see something different like this in Arizona. The sister restaurant next door is excellent.

Had a soy-ft serve sundae, awesome. Had an iced coffee, so delighted by all the options for vegan-friendly milk (soy, almond, rice, etc). 

Great place, good luck!

1 thing - the wood spoons, while I'm sure are biodegradable and all, have a weird texture with the ice cream (at least for me). I think those spoons just kind of freak me out. I didn't ask for plastic or metal, I'm sure they would have accommodated.
I was so excited when Nami opened. It's a great compliment to the already amazing Green. Nami has pretty much everything you'd want in terms of sweet as a vegan. 

Great pastries,coffee,doughnuts, and ice cream treats as well as a rotating Sunday brunch. I've never had a bad thing at this place and that's no exaggeration.

It can get pretty crowded in there during peak hours but honestly the service is fast enough that I never worry.

Check this place out for sure.
Those of us who are living the dairy free way, whether by choice or allergy, miss ice cream. Any one who says otherwise is lying - especially in the depths of Arizona summer.

So, when your 110 degree world is enlightened by dairy free ice cream that doesn't taste like saw dust and veggie particles, you're likely willing to join a cult just to keep Nami in your life. Though that isn't necessary, yet.

The space downtown is small and parking can be a problem, but it's worth every kind of inconvenience.

But at the end of the day, they put pretzels  in soft serve ice cream. So, Five Stars.
Good stuff but room for improvement. There is no "wow" factor to their stuff. Wish they had all the toppings/choices listed to make it easier. I still think the Chocolate Sorbet at Sweet Republic tops Nami's choices.
I'm not a vegan, I'm not a vegetarian. Who am I kidding, I go to filibertos five times a week and eat chicken nuggets every minute.
I tend to stay away from vegan/vegetarian food because its fake - meat like items and that makes me even more nervous than whatever saw dust that's in my chicken nuggets. HOWEVER, nami is GREAT. All their food was delicious and the BLIZZARD. DEAR GOD, THE BLIZZARD/ICECREAM. 
As a self-certified icecream expert, this is hands down, the best ice cream I have ever had in my entire life. That includes my travels in other countries, through different states, and raiding the entire freezer section of my local Fry's. The taste is great, the price is great, the texture is - wow, the texture is fantastic. I had my doubts but it was delicious. 
If it was closer to me I would buy it every day.
Delish espresso drinks, yummy cupcakes, and soy soft serve so good it passes for real soft serve with the pickiest critic - my 4 year old daughter!

Here's the deal - I used to be vegan YEARS ago so I am perhaps more open to places that specialize in vegetarian/vegan.  However, I don't SEEK out vege places anymore because now I am back to eating everything (see my review on the Pork Dip from St. Francis if you're skeptical).

I decided to check this place out because they have a modern vibe to it and all they do is coffee and desserts. I've passed it every Saturday for the past year and have always been drawn in by their clever signage. I had NO idea they were an "alternative" cafe until I walked in and checked the menu. 

This place has incredible baked goods and they do a great job with the coffee. That's pretty much all I need to be happy :) For starters, it's hard to find a good espresso spot in Phoenix. Secondly, I remember that with the vegan-restricted diet my general rule of thumb was if I was eating out and the food tasted good - it was probably not vegan. This place has just perfected sweet treats that are gluten and dairy free which just makes me even more impressed with it. 

This is definitely getting bookmarked as my cafe/bakery go-to when I'm in central Phoenix.
I usually only come to Nami for dessert...their delicious Tsoynamis. Today, I came for the vegan Sunday brunch in honour of a friend's birthday. I tried the new special,  the Waffly Tamaffle and it was delicious! Will definitely be eating brunch here again. 

Back to the desserts...

Tsoynamis are the perfect treat for any day! My favourites are the banana wafer flavour and the betterfinger. I'm not vegan, but I love it here, especially when the weather is nice and you can sit on the patios. 

Sometimes parking can be a hassle if Green is too busy but it's worth it. 

I've yet to try their vegan donuts, maybe next time!
I just discovered their AFFOGATO! It's divine! No, really. I have no words for how fantastic it is. I will never sleep again.
Here is the deal with Nami. I like you, I do but you just aren't friendly.  I have been in there multiple times and I would love to buy multiple things but I feel like I am bothering all of you. 

Tonight I asked a question about ice cream.  I wanted enough to take home for me and my roommate to share AND have some for the weekend.  But you never let me get there and I ended up with a cup full of ice cream for just him.

My advice would be take the time to find out what someone wants completely before checking out of the conversation.  And don't look complete pissed when I ask you what something is. It makes me feel like I am bothering you and it makes you look like a jerk.

I will say if there was another place to go that had everything you did I would never go to you again until you changed your wicked ways.
I'm a regular here every Sunday, if I don't dine in, I take it to go..  But today,  I felt as if I'm a regular there, they don't need to treat me as special anymore and that im always going to go back... Today, my nephew and I ordered the sunday special. It was very delicious by the way, the pancakes was amazing. It had brought to my attention why my nephew and I had to share the syrup bottle, instead of having our own. Which we usually do. It was never a problem before. Then my girlfriend and her fiancé showed up, ordered the same thing, and their plate looked better than mine. Not only that they had their own syrup, she had two pancakes and more items on her plate than I did. 

I never complain,  i love this place. I talk about this place all the time, tell them to come here allll the time. its not a huge deal, but it was bothering me. Its not like I was going to eat the whole pancake, but it was the portion control that I didn't get. Why should mine be any different? shrugs.. nami is starting to get well known, busier and probably just half ass everything just to get the customer going and what not.
Not a vegetarian or vegan, but I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing enough to convert a carnivore. Recommend to all my friends!
Oh my goodness! I went here for the first time tonight and got a Mystery Mash Tsoynami.. I love the service, and my treat was deeeeeelicious!! I'll definitely be coming back
Vegan frozen yogurt. need i say more?! It's fracking delicious, dont even question the "vegan" aspect of it. go go go!
My only complaint is that they only have brunch on Sundays.
Okay, so as a meat eater I came with a TOTALLY open mind having ADORED Green off of Scottsdale Rd. I guess I was expecting a restaurant, but this is DEFINITELY more like a coffee shop or a much much worse version of Lux. My girls and I went for brunch and were very excited, unfortunately the food was NOWHERE near the caliber of what is served at Green. 

My girls had some parfait thing, and a donut while I had a bagel with cream cheese and an Italian soda. My bagel and cream cheese were tasty but ABSOLUTELY bland, no chives, no onion, no nothing to spice this bad boy up. My girls said the donut was dry and revolting and the parfait was nothing she couldn't make at home with yoplait and some granola. I have been WAITING to go here with my boyfriend and decided for a sneak peak and I'm glad my boyfriend didn't come because he would have been SO disappointed. For now, only Green is on the radar. It got two stars because the girl taking our order was very gracious and sweet.

We promptly finished our food and then drove over to America's for street tacos and Vampiro's. Sorry Nami.
they close at 9pm instead of 9:30pm but haven't updated yelp with the coreect time. they are open 11-9 monday thru saturday. the menu looks great...i'm looking forward to eating here.
Mmmmmmmm, need I say more?  You had  The Hubs at "vegan blizzard" and did not disappoint.
Great coffee, delicious food and a wide variety to choose from at this sunny, cheery cafe. I'd definitely bring friends back here. The vegan breakfast menu includes pastries, bagels, biscuits and gravy, some breakfast burritos, yogurt parfait, pitaya purée with granola... I had a great kale salad with a citrusy chia seed dressing for breakfast. They also make specialty espresso drinks like the kick start (mocha with cayenne). Everyone was friendly, making it a nice overall experience.
YUMMY!! As a lactose intolerant person this is my go-to place for ice cream cravings and milk shakes. Can't go wrong with the dough boy tsoynami! It may be a 15 minute drive from my house, but it is SO worth it. You will not be disappointed!
I can't believe it !!!  Just what I was Praying for , A Vegan house near me that actually taste good WAAASS UP !!  Nami just started new breakfast Items that are wicked good . If your close to me When I say lets go to the SPOT you know I mean Nami - Or it's sister  "Greens" next door .....
Holy yumminess!!!! Ok so I'm a meat eater, but prefer my veggies and this place would totally turn me into a vegan if I only knew how to make their dishes. We have been frequenting this place for Sunday brunch and working our way to sample the entire menu. My absolute fave is the sage sausage  hash as you can't even tell it's vegan and it is perfectly seasoned. Make sure you save room for the tsoynami. I am the biggest froyo fan but this tsoynami goodness has totally turned my world of icy food upside down. It's honestly the best frozen dessert I've had although I really have to slow down cause as healthy as it is being tofu/soy based all that extra sugar from all the toppings do not make it easier on this hip and I will still end up looking like a vegan fat whale.
Great customer service! Sunday brunch biscuits n gravy was good. I was in hurry so ill have to try a tsoynami next time. Prices are decent for vegan/vegetarian.  The only bad thing is that the parking is horrible! Looking forward to the next visit!
Really great products and really great ideas executed with love and care. The staff are friendly. The atmosphere is fun but relaxed. Prices are fair.
Ok. Since I've become completely and totally addicted to tsoynamis, it's only fair that I update my review. At least once a week I find myself craving a tsoynami. Even my boyfriend, who is adamantly against vegan and soy products, has fallen in love with the tsoynamis and often accompanies me on my trips to get them. These desserts are also HUGE. For $4.50, you can easily split it between two people. I usually like to eat my own so I can bask in my gluttonous glory. All of the baked goods are also excellent. I have not been disappointed by anything I've had here. I've been converted to a Nami believer!
There stuff is good from what I tried. The staff should be more attentive though. Be prepaired to wait forever in line and hours to recieve the few things you did order. They should have a better process... will be going again because ya there. Stuff is good.
The coffee coco loco tsoynami is the only thing I've tried here, and it's amazing enough to warrant 5 stars. I'm sure the other treats are wonderful, but this is all I need.
The service I received here was very cold and unfriendly. I will never come back here again. 

My girlfriend and I came by here to get lunch at Green on Sunday 3-23-14 around 1:45ish. We went into green and asked if they were open. They said "not for another 15 minutes but food was ordered next door."  Ok no biggie. A sign would have been nice but whatever. We went to Nami where the person at the register (I really wish I got her name) gave me the worst experience. I was trying to find a lunch menu but was told "We are serving brunch right now but only for another 10 minutes." When I asked what they served in 10 minutes she said in an unfriendly tone, "we stop serving brunch. We are a coffee shop not a restaurant." 

After that we decided to leave and went across the street to Coronado café where we had a much better experience. (I will post a different review on that)

I'm not sure if all of their employees have this same attitude to would-be first time customers but customer service to me is very important for first impressions. 

This does make me sad since I was looking forward to trying something new.
I love ice cream! I have loved ice cream since I was old enough to taste food. When I decided to change my diet to plant based I wasn't sure if I would be able to enjoy ice cream. This place make my dreams come true. I forget it's not made out of dairy. All I know is that it is delicious. Many different varieties for everyone to enjoy copies, pastries, and some simple menu items. I go to Green next door and come here for ice cream afterwards.
Wow their soynamis are amazing . Seriously can't tell it's vegan at all, so rich with flavors ! I had their carrot cake one pmg omg perfect mix of cake soy nami and white choco.    I'm not vegan but have friend and family with lactose allergy and gluetin allergy , but their selections of baked goods are fantastic as well.     I wish I can make it myself.  Tried their lactose free gluten free cheese cake and was fantAstic. Wow definitely my new fav. Spot is so cute, artsy and warm green feel.  Next time I'm going to try their pumpkin soynami and their breakfasts, I'm sure they will be great.     Service was awesome, friendly and knowledgable about ingredients :).   5 stars!
I stop by Nami every single time I eat at Green next door. I have had about 5 of their baked goods. My favorite is the Lavender Cookies (light and yummy!) and my second favorite is their Pumpkin Pie (flaky and just enough sweetness). 

The ones I didn't like was the white chocolate Gluten Free Cookies because they were super hard and too sweet. The compost bar was suuuuuuper sweet. If you like sweet, than I recommend these, but it was too sweet for me. 

Of course the Tsoynami(s) are crazy good. Surprisingly, the peanut butter/chocolate is simple, but delish! I love the Almond Quixote! They are kind of big for me, so I always share with a friend. 

The most exciting part is that EVERYTHING is VEGAN! That is the best part since I am vegan. I am so happy that they opened this in Phoenix. 

The decor is super modern and neat. I love chillin' with my friends and hanging out here. I am going again soon!
Right next door to Green so afterward I took my boys for "ice cream". Fantastic! Still not sure what we had but we all loved it. Price was great too, $8 bucks for all 3 of us. 
I noticed other Yelpers complained about the service but our experience was great. Very accommodating and they even made chocolate chip (not on menu) for us.
I have friends who have been raving about this place, so when we were with them recently, we decided to stop in and try out Nami.  My bf and I were right in the middle of a 30-day vegan challenge and beginning to miss desserts... Bring on the tSoynami! This is a soft serve, soy-based blizzard type of dessert.  They mix in just about anything you can imagine and its all vegan!  I had the cookie dough; bf had the mixed berries.  We got huge portions (I didn't finish mine) and they were both delicious.  They have a great looking pastry case (vegan donuts?!) that I did not indulge in this stop.  I decided I needed an afternoon pick me up, so I got myself a caramel mockiato as I saw they house make their vegan caramel. That caramel was amazing and the soy milk was frothed up to perfection! Wayyy better than anything you've ever had at Starbucks!  I can't imagine any ways to improve... Vegan desserts abound and the tastiest coffee.  Their breakfast and brunch menu looks amazing too.  Next time I'm downtown for breakfast, this place will be in mind!
So I come here any chance I get and figure it's about time I give back some love.

This place is amazing.

I usually come for the tsoynamis, which are never disappointing. Better than real, dairy-based ice cream!! They have great treats and baked goods, smooth espresso, and friendly staff. Never have I had a bad experience here.  

You won't regret it! Promise!
Nami is great.  I went there twice during a recent trip to Arizona and would have returned if I was there longer.  It was so difficult to decide which tsoynami to order, as they all sounded amazing.  I ended up trying the Rocky Road and the Fluffernutterin'.  Both were delicious.  My only (small) complaint was that the soft serve was a bit icy.  I also tried a couple of their baked good (wish I could have tried more) and was very happy with both - the cookie dough cupcake and the cookie layer cake.  Both were moist and chocolatey with amazing frosting.  If you are vegan in the Phoenix area, go to Nami!
The Tsoynamis are amazing!! you have to try one! *&^# Dairy queen and others alike! Vegan soft serve mixed with heeps of junk is the only way to go! Their brunch is also quite impressive. They always have a Tofu scramble and hash potatoes accompany your meals, but their meals themselves are quite impressive. I Love this place!
Came here on a whim on the way home from getting an early morning haircut. I was hungry, saw a coffee shop and pulled in. Had no idea it was a vegan coffee shop! The pastries looked amazing, and I got a vegan sausage breakfast burrito. Was awesome. I would recommend this place to all my friends, vegans and non-vegans alike
I didn't realize that Nami is the coffeehouse arm of Green. I came for breakfast (okay it might have been more like lunch) and was overwhelmed with the choice of baked goods. I got a pour over coffee (which I wasn't all that wowed by, but it was good), the huevos rancheros, and a blueberry fritter. 

I definitely didn't need all that food but I had to try it all. The blueberry fritter was awesome. Nami definitely does a great job with their vegan baked goods. The vegan huevos rancheros was an interesting take on the classic dish. It had hash browns, chili-spiced black beans, tofu, and some kind of mystery bean or protein that I couldn't figure out what it was.

Nevertheless it was all pretty good. Not to mention, the place was packed, which is always a good sign. However, don't go there on a weekend expecting to get a seat. Very limited seating and for all the people there, it was a slim chance. Especially with loners like me taking up a whole table.
Stopped in for a couple coffee drinks around noon, on a week day. Only 2 other people in the place. The cashier didn't even say hello or make eye contact. I felt like I was bothering her. The latte I received was not good, my husbands drink was though. I wanted to see what kind of food/snacks they had, but in reality I'll probably never be back.
I love Nami! I love their breakfast, I love their desserts, I love their coffee! 
The only thing that could make Nami better is if they had a location closer to my house. Even if that never happens Ill still make the drive :)
Met 3 friends here for what I thought was supposed to be coffee but turned out it was supposed to be lunch. Fitting that I came in confused, because the menu here is the most confusing I've ever seen. Chalkboard, display items, a few specials hand written on signs, and a print menu hidden behind the cash register so we didn't find it until we had waited in line and tried to make our choices from the scribbled notes. They would do well to have one readily available printed menu with all offerings. So we had 2 GF folks and they got the zebra donut and loved it. I got a bagel with herb cream cheese and it was yum. Later we saw the table next to us eating grits and it looked so good we ordered one to share. Very tasty and filling.
So adorable and delicious treats! I am not a vegan but the tsoynami is delicious. Great customer service and great atmosphere :)
I'm not 100% sold on Nami. They do the farmers market on Saturday they have this bad habit of parking their little Nami mobile on the sidewalk. Blocking the on ramp. Causing pedestrian and bicycles to have to go around them. It's a total disregard for anything and anyone else. I understand having to move around objects in the road. But not on a sidewalk.
The ice cream is great, even though they have somehow defied logic and left out all dairy items. Bravo. I'll be back to this cool neighborhood spot.
LOVE pretty much everything here.  The dirty horchata, and Big Ole burrito are my favorites. Picture a creamy horchata frap with espresso, sooooo good on a hot day.
I've previously had Nami's products, but yesterday was my first visit visit to their location. I love the variety of their products (baked goods, gluten-free options, etc.) and love that everything is vegan! My boyfriend and I shared the PB & Choco Tsoynami which was amazing. It's a bummer that I live so far from downtown or else I'd be here weekly. :)
It is an honor to be the First To Review this brand new Green location!

Just like Green Tempe, the menu provides an array of delicious vegan treats ranging from salads to flatbread pizzas to bugers, Po Boys, and bowls filled with various varieties of mock meat.

Everything at this location tastes exactly the same as the other location, however, the love exudes from every meal prepared by the incredibly friendly and eager staff.

The location is great, and is perfectly located next to Nami - where you can pick up your vegan soft tserve "blizzards" in any form you desire. I recommend peanut butter with double chick-o-sticks.

The actual restaurant is super clean, modern, and fresh. The front is a glass garage door that when the weather allows, will open to a patio. I cannot wait for this. 

If you have not been to Green, I highly recommend you give it a try... the artichoke gratine, chili fries, yellow curry with crispy tofu, and secret BBQ sandwich are among my favorites.

And don't forget your dessert next door at Nami!
Feels a lot like That's a Wrap (which used to be in this location).  I love the overhead door; I love fresh air.  Lots of seating and a bike rack (that doesn't really properly serve a lot of bikes, honestly).

Food was very, very fresh.  I expected (per norm in most places) corners to be cut where not noticeable (see: frying something often masks it's lack of freshness) - corners were not cut.  The three things ordered were all well prepared, fresh and delicious.  The things I oversaw on other tables were also looking mighty tasty.

I'd love to see a few bottles of craft beer here - that's my personal opinion.  Part of the issue is local laws, the other part is those running the show.

Will return, for sure.
Another Green? You mean, we don't all have to eat at Green in Tempe everyday? Vegans, scatter! 

To be fair, this location doesn't have the super-customized hipster vibes of the original Green, as in, there aren't painted car doors lining the walls, but it offers the same great food in a metropolitan area. Plus, Nami is right next door, which is essentially a fat, animal-loving kid's heaven.

Currently, my nom of choice is the orecchiette with mock meatballs. If you're missing meat, or need to convince some judgmental bacon-lover that vegan food isn't a leaf on a piece of tofu, order this. Delicious, savory meatballs, smothered in cheese and marinara over veggies and pasta? Hardly part of an ascetic lifestyle. Oh, and it's eight bucks. Double awesome.

Nutshell Review:
Tastebuds: delighted.
Tummy: full.
Wallet: fat.
Conscience: clear.
DUH. THIS PLACE IS THE BEST.
It is so nice not to have to drive to Tempe for my favorite menu. 
The decor is simple and clean, the staff is adorable and sweet.
My favorite items from the menu?
1. No Harm Chicken Parm
2. Tahini Coleslaw
3. Orecciette pasta 
4. The secret bbq chicken sandwich
5. Homemade curry pasta salad
6. Balsamic picnic salad

Leave room for a Tsoynami. Just walk next door to NAMI and wait to be amazed. This place smells like sugar and coffee heaven.
This place is awesome, and I'm not even a vegetarian!

First points go to the ambiance... the place has kind of a cool "green" feel to it, but is also very modern and open.  The garage door in front opens during nice weather, and the place is very airy.

Second points go to the food.  I really have no idea what I'm eating, but I've been a few times and haven't been disappointed.

Service/staff is pretty good, they definitely fit the theme of the place.

Minus one point for having an awesome staircase that leads to nothing but an office... and a tiny bit of a point for recommending "Nami," the place next door that I think they own.  It's a vegan bakery that is overpriced with so-so taste.
A vegan place with familiar flavors; don't get me wrong, I love new and interesting cuisine I just think this place will make veganity (is that a word?) accessible to more people.

RECOMMENDATION: Try the crab puffs and the secret bbq chicken sandwich!
i'm glad we finally have a veggie restaurant in central phoenix!  i think it was a void that really needed to be filled and i can see myself ending up here often when i am looking for a quick and healthy option.

i haven't tried enough of their menu yet to comment on the best dishes, but the atmosphere, location and prices are great!  i was only moderately impressed with my first meal, but i think i may have chosen incorrectly for my taste - they have LOTS of options so i'll be able to tweak it next time!
damon rules!!!
I was actually pretty disappointed in Green. This was my first experience at Green and as a vegan, I don't think I'd bring a non-vegan here hoping that they'd think vegan food was super tasty.  

My (non-vegan) friend and I both thought our sandwiches were over-sauced and he actually couldn't even finish his. I will say the texture of the mock chicken was good...but, again, the sauce (mine was BBQ) was way to overpowering. 

I guess if you're vegan and are craving something meat-like, this would be the place to go.  

I might go back to try a non-sandwich menu item...

Also, it would have been nice had the waitress not taken my half-eaten meal off our table when I got up to refresh my drink.  While it wasn't the best lunch ever, it was still my lunch and I would have liked to have finished it.
Phoenix location - My husband and I LOVE this place! The food is fantastic. Prices are great and the folks running it are always so nice. It's our favorite spot to go in the city.
Love the wings!
FINALLY!! Green has been talking about a downtown location forever and it is here and WORTH THE WAIT!  Best Vegan food you'll find anywhere, and you don't have to be Vegan to enjoy it! I'm a hardcore meateater, but I'll take Green's buffalo wings and Mexicali Burger over the real thing any day!! The "No-harm chicken parm" is the bomb.com too! 

The parking is an issue, only because of the small lot Green was built on, but again... it's worth fighting for a spot! The interior is very comfortable, and perfect for a sunny warm afternoon when they can open the large garage door at the front of the building for some fresh air!

Go Vegan!! Even if its just for one meal, and give Green a try!!
So. Tasty.
Reasonably priced, fast, vegetarian.
The thyme fries are amazing!
As card-carrying omnivore, I sometimes like to take a break from meat and play for the other team. I have never eaten at the Green original in Scottsdale. This place is so close to my work that I was able try it. The first time, I had their buffalo wings and an apricot noodle dish. Their take on ranch dressing with cucumber is a to-die-for concoction. What I wouldn't give to be swimming in that. Soooo good. They need to bottle that. NOW. The buffalo wings really tasted like what you'd get in a sports bar but they were a little salty for my taste. Another time I had the vegetarian chili fries. Very authentic tasting also. The faux-cheese was meh. But it went well with the fries. Another winner is their green chile hummus with the fried pita chips. I would love to work my way through the whole menu. I also like the decor of woods and recycled materials. So far, I haven't found much to complain about. If you're going to pick up to-go, definitely call ahead first. Also, parking can be tight; you may have to risk parking at Coco's. Still, I'm all for going 'green'!
A boy named Bacon gives Green his seal of approval.

Yes. It's true. This happy carnivore enjoyed eating an animal-free meal yesterday. And I plan to return to sample more of there menu offerings. Terry T and I had our second meal of our bike ride here. She ordered the chili cheese fries and I ordered the Buffalo chicken and Samosas. Terry's fries were wonderful, and the chili was surprisingly spot on for the real meat deal. While I found the chicken to be overly salty (something Terry mentioned to me before ordering) the cucumber dipping sauce was good enough to drink. My Samosas were a terrific blend of sweet and savory.

The only thing that really had me scratching my head was the scales in the restroom. Huh? I weighed myself before eating, just for a goof.
This is my new comfort food one-stop-shop. I used to drop in Coco's next door when I wanted something fast and easy, but now I go to Green and get something GOOD as well.

I can't resist the BBQ Chicken Sandwich, but ALL the sandwiches and po'boys are well worth the trip.
So, I have recently decided to try my hand at veganism.  I always enjoyed hitting up the Scottsdale location of Green, but was overjoyed to hear that they had opened one minutes away from my house.  I really love that it's not typical (from my experiences) vegan food, i.e. some bowl of veggies with rice or noodles or a salad. In addition to having a completely vegan menu, they also have gluten-free items.  I love their wings, which I thought were made of seitan, but much to my delight, they are actually a mix of soy and mushroom stems! The sauce is to die for, with it's green onions and chunks of garlicy goodness.  I almost always order the Green Burger, made of grains with veganaise, tomatoes, greens, pickles, ketchup and choice of side (thyme fries, fruit, curried pasta salad, or tahini coleslaw).  Lately, however, I have been venturing out and I got the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich (comes with bell peppers and onions) the other day.  Now, I've never been a big fan of bbq sauce, but their espresso bbq sauce is freaking delicious! And today, I ordered the Original "G" Po-Boy (mock chicken with their wing sauce, tomatoes, veganaise, and greens) which was spicy and just what I was looking for.  Their bevvies are pretty tasty, too.  I usually go for a nice glass of Sweet Lime or the Organical Berry Lemonade.
I was so excited for Green to finally open a location -- right across the street from my house. Everything I've tried, I loved. Their "burgers" are delish (try the Mexicali, Green burger, spicy 'g'), the rice/noodle bowls (drunken mushroom, mongolian, curry bowl, earlobe pasta) are awesome and their fresh-made limeade and lemonade and basilade are to die for. 

I brought my mom and 13 year old brother here, and they were satisfied. You ever tried feeding a picky 13-year-old? He loved the spicy 'g' sandwich. Oh, and don't forget to try one of their pizzas. YAY.

And now, they sell daiya cheese for the veggie/vegans -- which is really convenient since many places don't have it. Five stars!
love love love. when I was in PHX last year, this location was not open, so I went to the OG outpost in Tempe.  this one is a lot more convenient.

had every possible meal at Green.  I have to take advantace of the vegan delish whenever I can.

main dishes I tried: Coconut curry w/ fake chicken, Mongolian fake beef & Thai fake chicken.  plus some salads & starters. and tasty housemade bevs.  everything there is AMAZING.

brought a veggie friend & an omni & they were huge fans, too!
I'm not a vegetarian, but my good friend (who was with me) is and has been for a long time, so we decided to check out Green New American Vegetarian (actually, it's Vegan).   I'm glad we did!  The place is super cool inside - definitely a trendy place with a lot of young people.  We got there just in time, before the lunch rush, because at about noon, the place was insanely packed!  The menu is pretty big, so there are a lot of choices for the true Vegans.  I ordered the green hummus dish to start - really good and spicy - but not too spicy. The pita chips are freshly made and have a nice spice on them, too.  I didn't get the pickle garnish... a little strange.  I had the small Green Salad - it was really super de-lish.  The dressing was also a little spicy, but it made it really great.  Tons of green olives - so, you better like olives (which I do).  My friend ordered the Argentine Po-Boy - she scarfed it down... she had the cole slaw side and said it was really yummy.  Keep in mind to get there early - the parking is big enough for about 10 cars (we were luck to get one of the last spots) and the place is small, but you'll love it!  Definitely worth trying - even if you're not a vegetarian!
Embarking on my newest journey down the meatless diet road lands me here for dinner.  I was so very hopeful and completely open to my new experience. 
Place is nice and clean so I ordered:
* spicy buffalo "wings "  
* egglessrolls
* drunken mushroom chicken
The wings made me think of boneless wings at first but I found them oily and slightly mushy.  I could only think of a frozen package of fake chicken that was heated and cut up.  Similar or the same maybe for the fake chicken in the drunken mushroom chicken bowl.  A breaded piece of processed, packaged and frozen fake chicken is all I could think about when eating, so I stopped.
The egglessrolls appeared to have also been processed, packaged and frozen then,  deep fried in oil.  I was thinking that they would have been fresh rice paper wrapped.  They were mushy and oily on the inside.  Crispy and oily on the outside.
The noodle dish deserved a bigger taste and perhaps a bolder sauce.  The vegetables were cut without care or respect to culinary skills whatsoever, often leaving parts that would have been better off in a stock or trash.
I so wish that I would have stayed home and cooked my own meal on this day.
I feel like I was at the TGIFridays of vegetarian foods.
Thanks for reading!
This is my second visit to Green.  The food is off the chain.  I love the decor!  Its framework is a garage.  This place is just as good as Red Bamboo (my fave vegan spot in NYC).  The first time I came to Green was in October.  I had the Spicy Buffalo Wings (they sure are spicy and SALTY!) and the Sweet and Sour bowl.  The bowl was very fresh, love the variety of veggies.  My friend had the Thai Peanut Bowl and loved it.  This time around I had the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich with the Thyme fries - amazing!  The Vimto is the TRUTH!  I seriously need to go back and try more things!
Secret bbq chicken = badical turbo radness. The fries are also excellent; thin with the perfect crunch and not greasy. 

the no harm parm comes in a delicious red sauce on a nice sized roll. 

when finished, go next door to Nami for delicious (but kind of pricey) vegan dessert!
I am not a vegan, far far from it. I couldn't be a vegan if I wanted to cause I hate most veggies.  My partner is a vegan however and I am always willing to try anyhting once. The meat-less meat actually has the texture of meat not mush. 
I get the original "G". It is a buffalo meat-less chicken between two pieces of bread with tomato, lettuce, buffalo sauce, and some mayo like something as well. I get the french fries with this. I actaully crave this damn sandwich now. It is spicy so if you are not a spicy eater I would not suggest to get it. If you like spicy this might be the perfect thing for you. The fries are awesome as well. Shoe sting cut, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Mmmmmm. Just writing this make me want it. I also get the egg-less eagrolls. These are yammy as well.
Wait, did Green open up another restaurant in Phoenix?  Like many of you, I was overjoyed to utter that wholly unexpected turn of events.

Am I in a giant garage?  There's a hangar door for a narrow, long car.  I suspect this set-up works well when it is warm, but not hot, and you want to eat outside.  Or eat on the edge of being outside, but remain inside.  You get to choose how close to being outside you want to be without actually being outside.

The way I see, Green is a great restaurant and it happens to be vegetarian/vegan.  Where Green surpasses other restaurants is flavor.  The salad, the most neglected item on every other menu-- flavorful.  Other menu items -- flavorful.  Did I mention that I like meat?  If you are answering, "no?", then you need to read some of my other reviews.  And feel free to endorse them as funny or cool.  The answer is yes, people.  The reason I like Green is because what I like even more is good food.

This incarnation of Green has an artsy (in a good way), trendy, causal kind of feel.  There's folksy art on the walls available for purchase, and am in a hangar for mini airplanes?

There's also the companion coffee-dessert shop next door, called Nami.  It is where you get the Tsoynami.  If you don't know what that is, maybe it's time to find out.
I finally brought myself to eat something other than the orichiette and no-harm chicken parm (don't get it on a sandwich. The sandwiches I am not a big fan of because the bread is far too airy for hot sandwiches. )

I had the artichoke gratine which was served with amazing corn chips. I wonder where they got them? Anyway! It was gorgeously delicious and spicy! My only complaint is that I got tired of it part way through, and finished with eggless rolls. I don't know what happened. The eggless rolls used to be better.

I usually give Green a 5, but I have to drop to a 3 this time. The eggless rolls aren't what they used to be.
First of all, we knew it was going to be good when we drove up and noticed the great smells from the parking lot! Let's start with the building and decor. Urban hip all the way, clean with a great vibe. I noticed and loved all of the recycled materials used so creatively in the decor. You can tell there are smart and creative people behind this business and it shows.  My girlfriend has been a vegetarian for 30+ years and while I am not, I do all of the cooking in our house and have developed an appreciation for this type of cuisine and am always looking for creative ways to spice up our meals. Most of the meat substitutes found in stores do not measure up to whatever they used as chicken-less chicken in their spicy buffalo wings. They were so flavorful, had a great meat texture, and the ranch dressing to cool it all off was delish. I can't wait to have them again! We then tried the Green Hummus. Again, very flavorful, the green part coming from a creative use of Poblano Peppers and drizzled with a little sesame oil. I thought the pita chips were a little greasy and since I try not to eat fried foods very much, I thought it would be cool if they offered and un-fried option but they don't. Then again, I didn't ask. Whatever they used to season the chips with was also very good and very flavorful. We then embarked upon the crabless-puffs. Nothing remarkable but for a creamy fried (Ughh) little puff, it was great. The "Green" salad was kind of blah compared to everything else we had, but it was fresh and organic and made me feel better about myself after munching down all the fried stuff. The service was super fast and friendly. I thought the pricing was dead-nuts. Even the bathrooms were cool! We can't wait to go back and try more things! We have a great appreciation for restaurateurs who actually pay attention to detail and take the time to develop a creative and super flavorful menu like this. Worth the drive, worth the money, worth our time = Five star review.
I was so pissed off.

I ordered the Coronado Enchiladas, the special they had last week. They were awful. If I wanted undercooked tortillas with a veggie filling, and taco bell sauce, I could go to Taco Bell. But nontheless, I paid $9.

And they did not replace my crap food for free. I ended up paying $17 total for the Mongolian... Which is good, but not $17 good.

Make sure that you are going to enjoy what you get, because them not owning up to shitty food is a bad idea.
This place is awesome!! One of the very best vegan restaurants I've ever been to. Rivals Gobo and Blossom in NYC. This put Phoenix on the map for me as a place that veggies can live!
I am a huge fan of eating meat. I am by no means vegetarian and don't try to be. My fiance had to practically drag me in this place and it is AMAZING!!! I have eating here numerous times and every item is fantastic. I can't even tell their chicken isn't actually chicken. Their secret barbecue chicken is fantastic. I keep finding myself coming back here again and again to try something new. I recommend Green to anyone who likes good food which I think is everyone.
would it be too brief to simply proclaim "best place ever!"? ok, fine.  how about elaborating by saying order thee green salad and the kung pao bowl or some "wings"?  they are so good, you'll thank me later.  you dont' have to be vegan to appreciate the yummy-ness.
Great gem in Arizona!!  Their po'boy sandwiches were delicious and a great value for the price!  I was in AZ for 9 days and ate here twice!! So good!! If you love American comfort food this is the place to go!  This place is 100% vegan.
I just made the switch to vegetarianism a few months ago, and have been scouting out some decent cuisine when I stumbled on Green today.  I ordered the Spicy Po Boy, and damn if it wasn't the best Po Boy I've ever had!!!  (vegan or otherwise).  Casual unassuming atmosphere with a bit of a beatnick vibe.  I will definitely be going back to try the "Drunken Chicken" along with a Tsoymami desert!
My wife and I share the crab puffs and two of the sandwiches. All were great and we hand an outstanding dining experience. I'm just sorry I didn't try the wings - next time.
I am not going to pretend I am a vegan anymore.  I look like a hipster, I smell like a hipster, and occasionally I eat like a hipster... so I have to eat some vegan stuff once in awhile.  

I know that my vegan friends will not judge me for eating delicious little animals if I go with them to Green once in awhile.  

When Thai food and salad bars are not enough, Green picks up the ball and paves the course for the future... providing a comfortable and hip atmosphere, great service, and mouthwatering delicious stomach stuffing.  

I have eaten everything on the menu, and there is not a single thing on it I wouldn't order again, which I cannot say for any other eatery in the Valley.  But if I had to suggest something to a meat-eater that is venturing out into unknown territory, I would recommend "Thee Argentine Po Boy".  

If you were raised by American McDonald's junkies like myself, and you are trying to change your eating habits, and you love to eat that ice cream cone after your McFeast, then feel free to hoof it over to Nami next door and satisfy the sweet tooth as well.

Thank you Green for making me feel a little less 1950's America in a ever-evolving world.
Love this hipster hangout. Great to go to a place and be able to everything on the menu. No meat to be found. I had the curry and my friend had the mongollion bowl. Delish! And afterward be sure to visit next door for some vegan sweet treats at Nami.
Disappointing overcooked tofu cubes.  Food did not appear or taste fresh.  Will not return.
This place is amazing!!! Great menu selections, so great that I wanted to try everything.  I tried the vegan crab puffs and they were super yummy.  Trying the pizza next!
I am a vegetarian who is also allergic to dairy.  If you have an allergy, you understand how annoying it is to go out to eat places.  With Green, I don't have to worry about this.  The best part is, the food is amazing!!! I literally crave this place at least 4 times a week.  If you go, you must try the fake chx - I think I am addicted. I should honestly go to FCAA (Fake Chx Addiction Anonymous).  Don't forget to top the meal off with a tSoynami - absolutely TO DIE FOR!  Thank you Damon for creating such amazing food.  One complaint... BE OPEN ON SUNDAYS :D
There's nothing better than a bunch of spunky vegetarian restaurant people. So, the people were great and helpful when it came to my first-timer questions about what to order (vegan gyro, singapore noodles) for the hubs and me, and plain lo mein noodles for the kiddo. My concern always about a serious vegetarian place is that they skew snobby, rather than populist and happy. Green is the latter. Go Green - nice work! PS: yes the food is awesome. Just eat here, even if you like meat.
Love love loved it! I've had the opportunity to sample their food at local festivals but this was my first time to the restaurant.  Seating options include inside and two patios- a louder one off of 7th street and a quieter on at the back of the restaurant.  We ordered the hummus and the chips were perfect accompaniments.  We also spilt the secret BBQ chicken sandwich. Okay this is where I tell you that I am not a vegetarian but thought this was amazing! Also ordered a side of the curry past salad- good add on.
I was brought here by my team at work and was truthfully afraid I'd starve (I'm not a vegetarian). The environment was fun and inviting and I ordered the "Big Wac" and would you know, it was much better than the Big Mac! Five stars because this place is truly awesome!

Caution on parking, though, there's not much of it and a lot of people don't seem to know how to negotiate the lot.
I gave Green a chance after banning it from my already incredibly small list of vegan friendly restaurants. I was shocked at how expensive everything was for such small portions. $7 for four samosas? Maybe you could fool some people who are vacationing in veganism but it's not going to fly with me.

The food was fair. Just fair. The sauce for my samosas was almost disgustingly sweet (no chutney?). It took a ridiculously long time to get my main meal out and I was disappointed to find that it was /really/ greasy. I understand that the point of Green is comfort food but excuse me if a quarter cup of grease just makes me sick.

After dinner we popped over to Nomi where I tried the BFs twinkie which had an incredibly dry cake and unfathomably greasy cream (which I think has more to do with how long it had been out and how they decided to store the cakes rather than how it was made).

The only good part of this time's visit was that I could stomach the food. Last time I went there I had a lemon slice on my freaking pizza. Who the hell puts lemon on a pizza??

I don't think I'll be going back. If I want Asian food I'll go to Loving Hut otherwise I'll be making things myself. It's not worth the price nor the taste to be ignored while surrounded by artsy fart "hollier than thou" attitudes among fellow vegans.
I love Green, but my stomach doesn't.   The last few times I have eaten here I have left feeling greasy, bloated, and fat.  I think this proves the point that JUST BECAUSE ITS VEGAN DOESN'T MEAN ITS HEALTHY!!  I wish Green had healthier and freshier options.  Maybe some kind of local quinoa salad?  Interesting daily soups? Their salads are pretty pathetic, with their "mixed greens" resembling something that came out of a bag from Fry's.

However, Green IS delicious.  I would classify their hot wings as one of  my favorite foods ever, and I am always very happy whilst eating their creations.
Kudos for offering tasty vegan delights and meat alternatives to satisfy that occasional craving. However, the food here is quite greasy and not necessarily healthy. I ordered the Argentinian Po Boy and it was drenched in oil. The beef seitan was literally dripping in fat, and the peppers and onions were stir fried in far more fat than necessary. I also ordered the spicy peanut chicken seitan salad. The greens could have come out of a bag, the chicken seitan was oily beyond imagination, and the dressings were 99% oil.

The single dollar sign price rating is misleading. This place is EXPENSIVE because the portions are very small. You would expect a Po Boy to come on a decently sized bun, however what I received looked smaller than a basic hot dog bun. It tasted great, but the portion size and high fat content made for disappointment. 

While I am a vegan, I eat a very low fat and healthy vegan diet. Although tasty, the food here is prepared with an obvious disregard to basic dietary common sense. Don't come here thinking you are eating healthy - you are not. However, on those occasions when you want a greasy meal without the meat guilt, this is your place. I would not recommend eating here on a regular basis unless you are prepared to ingest a lot of vegetable oil with its negative consequences.

To the owner and chef - why don't you offer a healthy, low fat menu to those of us who don't want our vegan meal to contain more fat than a quarter pounder with cheese and fries? There isn't even an option for low fat salad dressings. I fear for those who come here thinking they are eating a healthy meal. Vegan /= healthy here. 

Why three stars? Because I enjoy this place on those occasions when I want a greasy fix without having to eat meat or patronize an evil fast food chain restaurant.
I love green. I've been eating there for a few years now, and while it may not be the healthiest veg good, it is delicious. I was very disappointed today when one of the girls (a blonde haired girl) at the front desk was incredibly rude  after I inquired about the kind of "meat" being used. She refused to talk to me about it, saying it was secret. Shocked, I stated that businesses really should disclose that type of info without hesitation, and she said "no, they don't and aren't going to." I thought she was very hostile even though I was just curious. It's not like I was going to try and steal their recipes!  Staff should be friendly and understanding about questions, its what makes customers trust and support their efforts.
If you have a hankering for pure vegetarian food in Phoenix, then this is probably the default restaurant.  We are all veg in our house, and my son's a picky eater and also a homebody, but he loves to come have their veggie burger and fries.  While I can't name all the dishes I've had there, I can certainly vouch for the BBQ chicken sandwich and burger, and I've only had one dish there that didn't excite me, but that's a pretty good track record considering the number of times we've eaten here.  

Love the atmosphere here and enjoy occasionally sitting with people we don't know at the bigger tables.  As others have said, there is very little parking.  We've always been lucky and found a space, but if you can bike here, then I highly recommend doing so (so there is more parking for me).
I'm not a vegetarian (anymore), but when I was the Tempe location was a regular haunt of mine. I loved coming in with groups of friends and ordering a variety of things off the menu and sharing. I've had almost everything. 
I was so excited when someone told me Damon was opening another location right in my neighborhood. It only took me all of 2 days to go in and get some grub.  Sometimes when restaurants open 2nd or even 3rd locations, they have a hard time keeping the food quality and service consistent, so I was worried about that on my first visit. This new location had no problems with either though.  The servers were all very nice and friendly and the quality of food was just as fresh and delicious as I remember it being at their Tempe location. 
My favorite items are the spicy "g" po-boy, the thai peanut bowl, and the ranchero salad. All of the menu items are reasonably priced and portioned big enough to share with a friend. Try their buffalo "wings" to start. They're delicious!

The parking can be a big pain in the butt sometimes. Most of the businesses along 7th street have very small lots with limited parking, so just to be safe I would recommend parking down one of the side streets if you plan on going in around dinner time.

And to all you Meat Eaters... don't be scared to come in and try it out. I have taken the pickiest of carnivores in here and no one has ever been disappointed with what they ordered.  If you're unsure about what to get, I would recommend getting something with "chicken" in it your frist time in. The flavor and texture is consistent with that of real chicken. You will not be disappointed, I promise.
I love this place. Cute, urban and the food is outstanding!
So tasty I ate here twice when I was in Phoenix only two days.  They have a separate menu that lists gluten free options, which was nice.  I loved the selection of sweet limeade, berry lemonade and some tea beverages that come with free refills.  The artichoke gratin dip was AMAZING.
I've been wary of restaurants labeled as vegetarian dining. Often, you're limited to the choice of a dry pita with hummus or a plate piled with as many random vegetables as the chef could find in the kitchen. Green changed my mind.

The environment at this location is a lot more laid back than the Scottsdale location. The plentiful space and open garage door give it more of a laid-back feel than an overly-trendy one.

The food is what really snagged me, though. Simply put, their food is delicious. I love not having to worry about what they fry X in or if X has a chicken broth. It's all vegan! Green doesn't sacrifice flavor for adhering to vegan protocol, though. Making their menu really stand out is their meat substitutes. Instead of solely featuring the classic and somewhat bland soybean and tofu pair as proteins, Green also has faux beef and chicken, as well as vegan cheeses and burger patties.

Speaking of their burgers, their Green Burger is seriously the best burger I have ever eaten in my life, meatless or meat. 7th Street is a bit of a drive from where I live, but it's worth the trip just to get a Green Burger. I always get mine with their thyme fries - another favorite of mine. What they're doing, they're doing right.
Absolute greatness!!!

Service: friendly

Food: TRY the faux chicken wings (I crave this)
Kung pao noodles
Vegan chilli fries

Ambiance - A+

Tip: don't order the faux chicken wings Togo. Soggy experience plus they add the carrots, cucumber, celery in the box and close it. Equals the case of raw cooked veggies. 

Go next door to nami for dessert!!
There are not enough starts to tell you how I truly feel about this amazing restaurant.

I am not a Vegetarian, and I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing.  The quality of the ingredients is second to none and the flavors are addicting.  I started a new job down the street from the 7th street location 4 weeks ago, and I think I've been at least twice a week since.  I'd be there every day if I could afford to eat out every day :-)

I've never had a bad meal, bad service or a bad experience.  I have been going to the Tempe location since shortly after they opened.  There is no difference in the food from one location to the next.  The only down side is the parking situation at the Phoenix location.  But for this food, I'll drive around the block til a spot opens up, THAT is how good it really is.
I love Green and this location is so much more convenient than the Scottsdale location. My only gripe is the hours. I feel like they close too early and should be open on Sundays too. Give me MORE Green please.
My second time at Green (the first time at their Scottsdale location).  I tried the Diablo bowl with crispy tofu and noodles.  Great flavor and LOTS of tasty veggies (eggplant, broccoli, peppers, onions, carrots, zucchini) but lacking in noodles.  Still left full and satisfied though.  

Was disappointed that they only have bottled teas/juices and no soda (Scottsdale location has a soda fountain).  I'm not even that big on soda, but I have one Diet Coke with my lunch each day so if it's not available - or heaven forbid, Pepsi products only - then I get disappointed.

Overall, a tasty meal, and I look forward to trying other items on their menu.
Have tried twice to visit this restaurant.  Never able to find parking.  Hopefully will be successful one day!
I was first introduced to Green through a friend who had her birthday dinner catered by Green and later visited the Scottsdale Road location.  This was over 2 years ago.  Soon after, I learned that Green was opening a location just down the street from my home in Phoenix.  This is by far one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  I have yet to try everything on the menu.  The service is always friendly, the drinks are always refreshing and the bathrooms are always clean.  If you Like Green on Facebook, you can stay up to date with the specials that Green has to offer and at which location.
YUM!
Some of the best buffalo "wings" I've ever had!
We got the "No Harm No Parm" and "Secret BBQ Chicken" Sandwiches.
Everything was delicious! Even though I was getting full, I HAD to finish!

Also, they have awesome restrooms.. I don't think I've ever commented on this before, but their's were really nice.
Lovely place in a location on 7th Street around a bunch of other cool little places to eat. I was there last weekend and had their mock buffalo chicken sandwich and it was messy but great. They use a great bread for the roll and it comes out literally burning hot so wait 2 or 3 minutes before you dig in and have plenty of napkins. They also do a variety of vegi and mock meat stir fries that I've had at their other location and though I've not had them their vegi burgers look amazing.

Parking can be a bit of an issue if it is busy but the place draws a wonderful eclectic crowd, sort of the same group that you might say, see at a showing of an independent film. Oh, and I especially like the fresh teas, lemonade, and  ginger drink that they have available and the ice maker has a wrap around of face pictures of the rapper ice cube, how cool is that baby!

I hope that one day they open another location near Mill avenue, I think it would do well and I would eat there on a much more regular basis! 

Bottom line, give it a try and the other thing, the boneless mock chicken buffalo wings, good stuff!
Really good vegetarian food. The spicy po boy is delicious and so are the chilli fries!
This was my very first visit to a vegan restaurant. I was so thrilled to come here, I couldn't contain myself. The employees were nice, but they were busy. The people in the restaurant seemed a bit snobby, but I shouldn't care about them anyway. I am there to eat, not make friends. 

I was overwhelmed with choices. I went for the buffalo wings and the spicy chicken po' boy sandwich. My boyfriend got the Green Veggie Burger, and his sister got the no-harm chicken parm. We are vegan, she is not.

The wings were by far my favorite! I think I will order them as a meal or to share though. Some reviews said the portion was small, but I couldn't finish them despite how delicious they were. My sandwich was pleasantly messy and delicious. The texture is truly fabulous as far as faux meat goes. Don't come here expecting gardein textures and flavors - it is the best of the best! 

A lot of people said it was greasy and oily. I am familiar with a low-fat diet and usually eat as low-fat as possible. Even though this is not health food (unless you get the healthier options), it doesn't feel heavy or disgusting like traditional SAD food does. There is a noticeable difference. The salt level could be taken down a notch, but other than that, this food is AMAZING. 

After going to Vegas and trying vegan food at restaurants here, Green is still winning as far as value and quality goes. I can't wait to go back, and Green will certainly be on my mind for awhile.
I love the Tempe/Scottsdale location but I have to say I enjoy this one much more. Feels a little less pretentious, a little more grown-up, and hopping next door to Nami for a Tsoynami and vegan dessert is unbeatable.

I love everything on the menu and have always been impressed by the prices. Whether you're vegan/vegetarian or not, GO. I have brought several friends who are meat eaters and have since been back with them on countless occasions. The options are overwhelming. Their mock meat is incredible and all of their noodle dishes are loaded with an abundant variety of fresh vegetables. Great for a healthy lunch or dinner with friends.

Even if you're not big on the food -- give soy soft serve a try and pop next door for a Tsoynami (Green's vegan version of a McFlurry or DQ's Blizzard). There are so many flavor options and they are all PHENOMENAL.

No doubt if you try once you'll be back for more.
I really really want to love Green but I've been disappointed the past several times we've gone. I'm a vegetarian and it's awesome that I have so many choices and don't have to worry about meat hiding in my food when I go here. I'm sad because I used to be excited about Green but now I'm always wondering if the food will be good or not. I don't know what it is but the quality seems to have gone downhill recently :(
My favorite haunt, usually there 2-3 times per week. BBQ chicken sandwich could fool most any serious carnivore. Best thing to order is the daily special -- which unfortunately is offered less often than more. Brunch on Sunday, though not cheap, is good, especially the sticky buns. Again, get the daily special. Parking can be problematic, though you're sure to find hybrids and HRC stickers, so it won't sting as much.
Friendly, quick service.  I had an order of crab puffs, which tasted exactly like the type you would get at a fast food Chinese restaurant.  The parking lot here is lilliputian and narrow, so large vehicles beware!
Yummy vegan treats! Not the most healthy but tasty and meat free.
A hidden Tempe gem has opened up a store in cen Pho, and changed my lunch time landscape.

The menu is the same, with sandwiches, salads, bowls and burgers. Prices are $7-9 for most items, a bit steep for the amount of food.

The ambiance is contemporary with a minimalist eccentric interior and staff to with the piercings to match. 

My thai peanut bowl was good, the mock meat has a great texture, the sauce was strong but not overpowering and the noodles were cooked well.

We also had the Mexican burger that was great other than that the bun was a bit too large for the patty.
This restaurant is inspirational!  Read on for details...

It is a tiny little place which does a great job of circling people through.  You walk in and up to the counter where you order from the overwhelming menu!  The menu is adorned with specialties and allows for much personalization in most dishes.  

I do recommend starting with their famous wings!  They are quite spicy but the sauce is exquisite.  The crab rangoons are also a nice, refreshing twist on the Chinese deep-fried goodness... these appear to be baked and come with a really light dipping sauce which packs a bunch of flavor.  For the main courses, the menu is overwhelming!  I have tried the buffalo chicken sandwich which is their same spicy-amazingness sauce in the wing appetizer and comes on a submarine roll (which is a little too large for my fancy but filling all the same- I just opted to pull one half off of it).  I have also opted for something named with diablo in it-you can order it with rice or noodles (i opted noodles) and you can pick your choice of meats to add in.  This dish was swamped with veggies!  The flavor was an explosion! 

If you made it through the first part of the review, please note that everything I have talked about is completely vegan/vegetarian!  That's right... everything is made of textured soy and mushroom to create a meat-like product for the dishes.  I have even "tricked" people into eating this food without them even knowing they are eating meat substitutes.  That's right!  Full-on meat eaters who would never order a dish at this joint were raving about the tastiness of their meals!

If you order to go, you are given wooden utensils and smart packaging... which I love.  portions are generous and you won't leave hungry...  I would even venture to say that an appetizer and meal by your lonesome is too much food!  You must be with others to indulge in both courses (unless you want left overs).

I am slowly making my way through everything on this menu.  I eat here for every single meal I possibly can when I work in Phoenix (almost weekly) so I will update once I have conquered.

See my review for Nami, it's sister restaurant in the same parking lot... I am in the LOVE!
A new place for vegan with so many options! I will be back!
Love. So great.
I had the secret bbq chicken sandwich- mock chicken with caramelized onions and peppers in espresso bbq sauce with vegan mayo and thyme fries. Hubby had the Texas mushroom po boy. Both really great tasting, soft bun- messy, good stuff! We also had the crab puffs- very tasty.
I headed next door to Nami to get some iced coffees and a oatmeal cookie sandwich and peanut butter cupcake to go. Also totally fabulous! 
Will be back for sure.
We arrived shortly after 8:30pm to realized they closed at 9:00.  No worries as they were quick to say, "Come on in!"

Prior to our arrival we didn't know if Green was a sit-down or counter service.  Upon entering we found that it would be a counter service experience.  Nice and laid back. I immediately loved the flow of the restaurant with the painted wooden tables along with tree stumps for some of the seats.  Patio dining is available but the far end also has a see-through garage door that can be opened up for open air dining too.

Quick examination of the menu had me wanting everything.  It's so nice not to have to decipher which items are vegan and which ones aren't.  I settled on the Mexicali Burger.  However, when I went to order I noticed the special...."The Big Wac".  What?!  This is what everyone has been talking about in the Green Facebook Group. You see, The Big Wac is basically the vegan version of the Big Mac.  It's not always available and absolutely everyone was raving about it.  I made the quick switch, ordered the Big Wac with fries and my husband ordered the Kung Pao bowl.

Did the Big Wac live up to the rave reviews? Yes, and more! Although I admit I was never a huge burger person even prior to going veg this may be one of the best burgers I've had in my life.  Seriously.  My husband's meal was also tasty but after a nibble of my burger he immediately wished he had gone for the Big Wac too. Partnered with the yummy thin fries I had the perfect meal.

I can't wait to return to have another fantastic meal!
I absolutely adore Green and would probably eat there every day if given the opportunity. The staff consists of a crew of heavily pierced and tattooed alt-hipsters, who are typically very helpful and pleasant. They are always willing to explain a menu item. I've taken lots of non-vegetarians there and most have wanted to return. 

Their buffalo wings are the best to be had in Phoenix, hands down. I love the "Original G Po Boy," which features the buffalo wings front and center. And the thyme fries, oh jeezus. I tend to stick with the sandwiches, and I've never had anything I didn't like.

The ambiance is great, too. In cooler weather, they roll up the delivery door, which opens up a full wall of the restaurant to the outside world. It's nice sitting in the clean, modern setting while overlooking the 7th street traffic. Very urban and cool. The artwork, which is in constant rotation, is also something to be seen. I loved the NWA-themed stuff they had when they opened. 

Excellent food, excellent experience.
LOVE LOVE LOVE Green! I would easily become a vegetarian if I could afford to eat here for every meal forever. The mock chicken is fantastic, I can't get enough of it, the texture is amazing. I like it way better than actual chicken, no other mock chicken can compare. Try the buffalo wings, samosas, krab puffs and curry with mock chicken, TRY EVERYTHING. And don't forget the vimto! Then head next door for some delicious pastries and tsoynamis!
We've gone here a lot the past couple months, and I have to say that they have really stepped it up! The Argentine Po'boy is a favorite of a lot of people here (including me!) but if there's a special I have to try it, and it's usually amazing. The Citrus Chicken sandwich was sooo good. I can't wait until they have it again! Also, my boss NEVER eats fries but she has to get the thyme fries every time we go here because they are awesome and perfect even for takeout. I'm really happy! It's a favorite of ours now!
WOW! I went with high expectations because of the reviews. I was not in the least disappointed. The food was absolutely amazing. To top it off the service was great as well. The girls were so friendly and inviting. Cant wait to go back tomorrow.
Amazing food!!  Is it me, or has this place gotten even better lately??  They even have a separate gluten free vegan menu, which is helpful.  LOOOVE the chili fries and the buffalo wings.  Favorites include anything with their chicken in it...the sweet and sour chicken is to die for.  LOVE that this place is next to Nami.  It's perfect...get our yums on here and then head to Nami for dessert.  The brunch is very good here as well.  Have I mentioned the buffalo wings?  oh myyyyy.
The staff is wonderful, and I love the secret BBQ sandwich with french fries. many non-veg eaters will enjoy this spot.
Bicycle-friendly and vegan, Green is one of my favorite places.  I ordered a Mickey sandwich with a side of faux Buffalo wings.  While that was being prepped, I ducked out to Nami next door and got a peanut butter and chocolate blizzard, non-diary treat.  It was obvious that I should eat the Nami first, because its the best.  That Nami was so delicious it made the whole meal a real treat.  Thanks to the cooks at Green and the folks at Nami I had a vegan feast fit for a peasant.   Cole slaw, french fries and tasty vegan meats layered between toasted bread of the Mickey sandwich, it was simply good.
I walked in last month on a whim and have become a regular; I am not in any sense a Vegan. However, the food is scrumptious, the service is excellent, and it is very good for my health. The space is very comfortable , open, and minimal. Lots of natural light.

Highly recommend!
Great local vegan place. Try the chicken parm with curry pasta salad.
Staff is friendly and soy ice cream is amazing !
Berry lemonade and veggie burger w/Sriracha made me very happy!
Outstanding and fantastalistic comes to mind. Real good.
great food, wish it was closer we would come all the time
I love this place. I am not vegan but I must say the food here is great!! I have been back several times and each time the food is delicious!!
really delicious.
I really enjoyed this place. Just passing thru, I didn't expect to find much in the area like it. All vegan. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The menu being American fusion is really diverse. I ordered the Red Diablo (with mock chicken) which was a pretty impressive asian stir-fry brown rice bowl. All the veggies were cooked perfectly as was the brown rice in a tasty sweet spicy sauce. Other options ranged from pizza to almost any typical sports bar styled sandwich such as Buffalo chicken or 'pulled' portobello mushroom. Pricing is fair; $7-8 for most main dishes. Check out Nomi next door for coffee, tea and plenty of vegan deserts, too.
Love this place. Have been coming here regularly for the last few months. Even though I am not a vegan/vegetarian anymore, I still love the food. I usually order the Mongolian with crispy tofu and brown rice, but have also had a couple of other menu items that have all been good. Their french fries are TO DIE FOR. Seriously... it's the kind of thing you have sexy food dreams about.

The staff are always pleasant and helpful, and the space is always clean and welcoming. I will continue to come back here for sure.
I kinda expected the drunken mushroom chicken bowl to have broth in it because of the title? upon further review i realized my mistake. It was just better than okay for me (the vegan chicken was yummy but the rest lacked the flavor i was craving.)
the meatball po-boy was quite good (as were the fries)

(see my reviews of the other green location and nami for more about the menu)
This location is a bit smaller than the other one, but the food is just as good. The woman at the counter was very friendly and helpful, without being cloying. What can I say? Lots of delicious veggies, natural beverages, and vegan and gluten free options. What's not to love?
delicious vegan food! i always have to eat at green every time i am in phoenix. this time i had thee argentine po boy. it was great! the staff is always so friendly here, too.
So today I tried the downtown location. I'd only been to the Tempe/Scottsdale location before and had really liked it, even though I'm not vegan or vegetarian. 

Well, I don't know if it was this location or if the restaurant has changed that much but it really wasn't good. Not at all. 

The Green Burger that I'd eaten at the other location was phenomenal. I've lived with vegetarians for years and have tried a lot of vegan and vegetarian food and have never cared much for it (unless I was preparing it) but the Green Burger was amazing.  It was a house ground and packed oats & barley veggie burger with fresh lettuce and tomato, vegan mayo, ketchup and pickles (per the website). 

When I tried to order it today, it was no longer on the menu. I was told the menu had recently changed and the patty is now different - even though the Green Burger is still listed as a menu item on the website. This new burger is just awful. It's much smaller and it's soy based and tastes worse than a Boca patty. If I wanted a crappy little frozen soy patty, I wouldn't pay nearly ten dollars for it... 

The fries, which were also amazing at the other location were nothing special here either. They are supposed to be seasoned - they are called "Thyme Fries" so I expected some, I don't know, thyme?  Nada - no seasoning whatsoever. They were good but just plain old fries. 

It wasn't just me. My husband who has 16 years of vegetarian/vegan experience and who really enjoyed the Argentine Po-Boy previously just looked at me and said "no bueno".  It was mostly bread with hardly any filling in it.  Much different than the other location.

Between apps, sandwiches and a couple of iced teas, it cost nearly $50 for lunch for my daughter, husband and me.  Totally not worth it. 

I'd go to the Tempe/Scottsdale location again if I knew for sure the Green Burger was available, otherwise I can't see myself returning.
I often visit the Scottsdale location and just love it, so I was excited to try the downtown location. I ordered my favorite dish: kung pao mock chicken. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. It wasn't even close to as spicy as it should be and the brown rice was severely undercooked. I will definitely give it another shot, since I love the menu so much, but this particular visit was disappointing.
we normally visit the tempe location just down from our house. but being in this neck of the woods today, we stopped in for our veggie fix. the place is smaller than the tempe location and doesn't appear to have all the menu options, but the selection is still awesome. tonight, i had the chili fries and the po-boy with steak and a side of tahini coleslaw. all dishes involved are sitting happily in my belly even as i write this. 

who says vegetarians only eat side dishes of lettuce? this restaurant is just so darn great!
entrees around 8-9 bucks....and they even have tons of dairy free desserts!
I am a big fan of Green Restaurant and frequent their other location pretty often. Since we were in the area last night, and I was jonesin' for some Green, we decided to try their newer location on 7th st. 
Parking is limited so we were lucky to have found a spot. The restaurant is smaller than their other location, but I still really liked the decor. It's simple and uncluttered. I noticed a few new menu items but since I'm a diehard fan of the diablo I went with that again. My husband ordered a "steak and cheese" with chili fries. He also opted for the tahini coleslaw on the side. 
I of course inhaled my food. As always, the thought occurs to me to save half of it for tomorrow but then it's so good I can't......stop......eating......
My husband really enjoyed his fries and sandwich, and the tahini coleslaw was a nice refreshing change from traditional overly-mayonnaised coleslaw. 
I left with a full belly and a smile.
In an attempt to move toward a more vegetarian/vegan diet, my husband and I decided to give Green a try. We were both completely amazed at how good our meal was and are sure to be repeat customers. 

It was difficult to decide what to have since almost every item on the  menu looked delicious. I finally settled on the No Harm Chicken Parm with Thyme Fries and my husband had Wendy's Pickle with Tyme Fries. We both had green tea to drink. 

Our sandwiches were both delicious. This was my first try at vegan cheese and the faux mozzarella on my sandwich was delicious and added just the perfect touch. The tomato sauce was rich and garlicky and balanced out all of the flavors.  

My husband took one bite of his sandwich and declared, "This is really good!" High praise from a man who eats everything but rarely gets excited by any of it. We both loved the bread our sandwiches were on and thought the fries were awesome.

We will be back, Green, to try all of the delicious items on your menu. Next up: The Big Wack!
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  The best place for vegans!!  The samosas rock.  It is so awesome that I can eat EVERYTHING on the menu.  The ice machine is hilarious.  GREAT.
I'm a big fan of the food at this restaurant. The "house" tofu is simply amazing, the food is generally great and the service is friendly and all that I need in a restaurant. My loss of star comes in because of the menu.

There are some GREAT menu items, but unfortunately, the descriptions are seriously lacking. I ordered a "creamy" artichoke dip, which led me to think I was getting an Italian-inspired creamy artichoke dip. But what I got instead was an Asian-spiced watery artichoke dip that did not even try to be creamy. It was more like a spicy soup. 

The spicy soup was good, but it wasn't what I expected, and certainly not what was described on the menu. It's all about consistency, and unfortunately, they didn't deliver in this area. But, nonetheless, I will come back because the food is great!
First time every going to a restaurant that was Vegan and had a menu just for gluten free items. My friend is vegetarian and had been asking me to go try her favorite place with her for some nice meatless lunch. I was in heaven!!! Especially with the new year and trying to eat healthier it seemed as a good idea. I didn't necessarily get healthy of food but in comparison for fast food it was a lot better for you. I got a Big Wac...hehehe which as you can get the hint from the name it was suppose to be a Big Mac. Was much better. We also split the spicy buffalo "wings" which were phenomenal as well as a Pickle Wendy. A must try place for something different and yummy.
Visiting from out of state, looking for a decent vegetarian restaurant. This place was AWESOME! Got there at 8:00 on a Friday night, tough to get a seat, but one opened up by the time they gave us our takeout so we ate there. 
 I am not vegetarian, but the "Argentine" Po Boy was delicious and addictive. My wife got a great salad. 
 The one negative were the sweet potato puffs, they were dense and not at all what we expected and not especially good.
 The staff were all positive and energetic.
 Easy to find parking.
Some of the best , if not the best, vegan sandwiches I've ever eaten. It was a major personal disappointment when I switched to a mostly vegan diet that most vegan restaurants have limited, and frequently bland, sandwich options. This is not the case at Green. Sandwiches are flavorful, filling, diverse, and just plain ole' tasty.  

The sides are ok, not bad but not spectacular like the sandwiches either. Service is solid, time from placing the order to digging in is good to great, decor is pleasant, and the prices are fair (~10 bucks for lunch if you get water to drink). All in all a sweet vegan option near down town Phoenix.
Loved the local feel of this spot and appreciated the creativity of the vegetarian and vegan menu.  The interior is well designed and I really enjoyed their display of artwork by local artists.  The food was fantastic and service was extremely friendly.  I'd recommend this spot for anyone who loves tasty food.
I've been coming here for years and showing all of greens glory to my friends. Damon is a complete genius and combines casual food and a funky atmosphere in a location you would drive by everyday without realizing it.  The bowls are awesome, I love the specials with catchy names. And tsoynamis! You own my soul.
I had the Hummus and Black Jack Pita and both were great. The hummus was really flavorful but the chips were a little over cooked for my taste but were not burnt. The pita was delicious. It wa a robust sized wrap and a pleasure to eat. The food is reasonable priced and the people are extremely friendly making for a really good experience. I will eat here when I'm in this part of town!
I LOVE the espresso BBQ sauce, so the potabella sandwich on wheat bun really hit the spot.  The hubby had the singapore orange bowl with rice and mock chicken, he said the flavors were really good (other than the mock chicken, it was his 1st experience with mock chicken and he is a real chicken fan, so you can't blame green for that)   Good prices too :)
Stopped in for the first time today. I got the Thai peanut bowl with brown rice and mock chicken. It was incredibly delicious, actually. I was very pleasantly surprised. Wish I lived closer! Very impressed.
Green changed their menu, and got rid of their 'green veggie burger' which was one of the only items on the menu that did not have processed soy. It was made with rice and veggies and beet juice and now it's been replaced with fake meat. I'm just bummed since it was my favorite and you could order it on ezekial bun for a healthier option. Okay, I get it, this isn't a 'health' restaurant -- it's a vegan alternative for fast food and whatnot, but a girl can dream.

I have to say their fries are still my favorite and their noodle/rice bowls are delish. Uhhh and their fresh green tea/limeade/lemonades are so good. Mix them all up for the perfect beverage. Don't forget to go next door to Nami and get their vegan 'tsoynami' ice cream blizzard-style concoction and a latte (with coconut, almond, rice or soy milk).
Two Words: Big Wac. Not on the online menu but they do carry it. Best veggie burger I have ever eaten in my life! It puts the Big Mac to shame, best part is no formaldehyde like at McDonalds.
Had I known that eating vegan could be this delicious I would have stopped eating meat a long time ago. I had the Curry "Chicken" with veggies and it was absolutely delicious. Simple set up, quaint and unassuming Green New American is a breath of fresh air to the idea of eating vegetarian or vegan. I hope to see more restaurants like this turn up in the Phoenix area, where the possibilities of eating vegetarian is not so inconvenient.
Came here with some vegetarian friends that suggested it and had great experiences in the past. We were excited to check it out.

I had the picnic salad and samosas. Hubby had the po boy, girls had the nuggs. All was very good. The Tamarind sauce with the samosas was a little sweet so I stress them without it. Great flavor.

We were able to get a seat easily (Sunday afternoon), but when I pulled into the parking lot and got the last spot, I have to admit I was scared for a second. Especially because we were a party of 8. The bathroom was pretty cool.

Ooh..and the buffalo wings....bomb!
The only way to get me to a vegetarian joint is kicking and screaming. No more. I can't do tofu, which is the main reason I don't go to these places. Here they have a mock chicken (and beef) choice. I was told it's mushroom and soy paste. Sounds horrible to me. Delicious. 
Added bonus was tamari in the sauce (gluten free). The bowl was with good veggies and brown rice. The flavor was great.
This was my first time there as I was visiting Phoenix on travel.  We ordered the Spicy Buffalo Wings and the Samosas for appetizers.  Thai Peanut Bowl and the Singapore Orange Bowl for food on recommendation of the cashier.  Very excited to be there and I tipped the cashier nicely upon ordering because she was so helpful with menu recommendations.

I'm not sure what was wrong with the kitchen, but the Spicy Buffalo Wings and the Singapore Orange Bowl were unexpectedly very seriously oversalty, to the point of inedibility.  The other two items were quite excellent, the samosas were crispy and fluffy, and the Thai Peanut Bowl was very good, so I think the other people's five star ratings are probably spot on for their dishes.

I'd forgive them the inedible dishes, except when my companion complained about the oversalty dishes, our complaints were treated quite poorly.  My companion then asked for some rice to cut the salt, but were told we would have to buy extra rice, which my companion did... it did not help.  I asked that at least the chef be informed or that someone check our complaints..., no one.   Maybe it was the cashier, I'm not sure; I felt that our complaints were not taken seriously, and we did not finish the inedible (oversalted) portions of the meal and I left hungry.

While I would understand why people go there, it was an unsatisfying, and the complaint service was seriously lacking.
I read reviews on Yelp all the time, but it takes something special to cause me to write one.  Green's food absolutely blew me away.  The flavors and combinations are just amazing.  I was in Phoenix on business and ate here 5 times in 3 days.  The sandwiches are the best vegan sandwiches I've ever eaten, and the salads are great too.  Friendly staff and a cool atmosphere top it off.
So in love with this little gem! 
My husband and I come from California where you can find a vegan restaurant on every corner. After moving to Arizona I am happy that we have found GREEN! We ate at the Scottsdale location last night, and today during my lunch break I ate at the 7th St location! Both had the same great taste and quality! For any vegan skeptic out there...try GREEN before you try anything else...it will set a great standard of how awesome Vegan food can be!
I LOOOOOOOOOVE GREEN. 

I don't love their parking. Beware. Carpool if you can. DON'T PARK AT COCO'S. They sometimes tow. 

That being said, their food is DELICIOUS! Proof that vegetarian and vegan doesn't mean tasteless! Definitely get the fries, they're seasoned and pretty much perfect. You get a decent serving of them, as well. 

Brunch is served on Sundays, I've never been disappointed. The Biscuits'n'gravy is quite tasty.
I almost cried the first time I went to Green. For me one of the toughest things about going Vegan was having a place I could trot off to for something stupid like a hamburger. A place I don't have to feel empowered and enlightened just because I wanted to go out to dinner. Not all of us want to feel a smug self righteousness all the time  while we eat raw beets with a side of dirt. Sometimes a Vegan just wants a hamburger. Is that asking to much?! Not anymore. Thank you Green don't listen to the nay sayers. There stupid anyway.

PS my meat lovin man asks to go here. So yep it's good to really good. Get the hamburger and thank me later.
I love being able to get vegetarian hot wings. Now I have no reason to go back to meat. 

As for the rest of the food, the chili is good, the mac n cheese is a little weird... but the crab puffs are tasty!

It's a litle hit or miss on some of the food items with regards to their 100% meat duplication, but nothing is bad on it's own without meat comparison. 

I'd love to go back again!
Ugh I wish they could be next door to me and make me food everyday. Luckily both my jobs are close to their locations so I guess I shouldn't complain. But anyway, I love love love this place. I guarantee I will try every single thing on their menu but my favorites so far are their wings, the artichoke gratine and the drunken Mongolian. I'm not vegan but they would definitely make it easy for me to be. I will be returning for more, without a doubt.
Whoot! Finally an awesome veggie place that serves tasty mock meat and alternative fooooodddssss!
I lament the fact that Vegas, which is a major city as well, doesn't have anything even close to this place. 
First off, the serve every vegan, vegetarian and organic eater alike, and the food is GOOD! So good, even my carnivore boyfriend liked it.
I got the Thai Orange bowl with mock chicken, and he got the No Harm Parm chicken Po'boy. The Thai bowl seemed to be very popular since I saw nearly half the people in there with it, and it was very good, full of fresh veggies cooked perfectly and not at all soggy, with a semi-spicy sauce to die for, but only a few pieces of mock chicken. His meal, however, with the giant Po'boy and tasty potato tots was fricken AWESOME. I tasted his mock breaded chicken and nearly cried. It was like a biscuit covered in country gravy and soooo moist. 
They have really cool alternative sodas and organic lemonades- I got my favorite Zevia cherry cola and he got the cup (which you can go and choose from three lemonades, endlessly) and got the organic berry lemonade.
The place is really cool too, but kinda hard to find if you have never been there, only because it is so laid back and not "HERE WE ARE VEGGIES". It's sign is very dark, but no worries, just remember it is right by Coco's. Parking is very tight, so I advise to park either at Coco's, or down the side street by Coco's in the residential neighborhood and walk.
Had the chicken artichoke salad and it was delicious, even though I kept wondering to myself...what the "chicken" concoction really was.  I did wait a ridiculous amount of time for my food...the cashier said to just go ahead, find a seat anywhere and they will find me.  They apparently looked everywhere except that little patio a few steps from the cashier.  :-(    Since it was a salad and not a hot entree...no harm done!  I will be going back.

Since my first visit I have been back several times...service has been perfect and I really like this place ALOT.
I love the idea of an all-vegan restaurant. Green is all-vegan and so you know you can have a guilt-free meal. The food is mostly mock-meat versions of stuff like chicken parmesan, buffalo wings, etc. If you like greasy, fried food with heavy sauces and want to try the vegan version of it, that's what Green is good for. It tastes good, but I don't feel so great afterward.

If you prefer healthy, clean organic food loaded with fresh veggies and minimally-processed, try Chakra 4 or Persian Garden Cafe.
the wife treated myself and her sister to another great meal at green restaurant tonight. i opted for the lemon pesto with house tofu, pan fried noodles. it was again, quite delectable. the pesto was plentiful and the tofu soaked that goodness right up. we again opted for the buffalo wings and i am always impressed at how damn good they taste! 
always a great food treat!
I will start by saying (based on the number of wing spots I've eaten at in my life) I NEVER thought I would write the following words.  THIS IS A GREAT VEGETARIAN WING!  Yes, I'm a purist but based on my fellow Yelpers, I had to give this a try. No - they don't look like wings but they are truly amazing, great flavor, with a nice texture.  Saved room for a chicken sandwich & loved it as well.  Friendly staff & nice open air locale.

All you carnivores, give it a try - you won't be disappointed
Sadly, I think the last time I dined here was my last.  I always feel gross after ingesting items off of their soy-filled menu. So, I tried a salad and was utterly disappointed.  When it comes down to it, I'd rather spend my money on real food, not fake meat and fake cheese and fake this and that.  

Keep it real...er...well, you just keep it.
When I traveled to Phoenix to visit a friend I expected little to no vegan restaurants. Green blew me away. First of all, vegan soft serve - I had the "Betterfinger" with chik-o-stick candy and chocolate chips, yum.

Also tried the Wendy's chicken sandwich with their fries and that was delicious too! The atmosphere was great, the staff was really friendly and it hits all those vegan cravings!
We were surprised to the find out about this place; It was packed when we arrived for lunch on our way to SD. Wouldn't never expected there is such a great vegan place like this in Phoenix! 

The setting is very casual and the staffs are really friendly! We really like it! Too bad we don't live in Phoenix!
I am in LOVE with this place.  So far, I ended up going to this place three times the first time I visited Phoenix, and try to stop in every time I come to town.  The fakey buffalo wings were AMAZING! and you must hit up the brunch on Sundays.  This place made my dreams of vegan biscuits and gravy come true. The first time I stopped in for Sunday brunch, they didn't have any biscuits left (le gasp!!!), but one of the employees managed to find me some texas toast, and it was so amazing. 

The staff here is very friendly, the place is CLEAN, and the food is amazing.  Definitely worth five stars.
I'm not a vegetarian or a vegan (my husband is though), but their food is delicious and flavorful and a nice change of pace.  It can be a bit pricey, but I've discovered that if my husband and I each get a bowl and cups of lemonade we can keep it to about $20, which makes it much more wallet friendly for an impromptu weeknight dinner out.

Their curry bowl with fried tofu and noodles is one of my favorites, it's spicy, flavorful and piping hot.  Also their buffalo 'chicken' wings are fantastic, and very 'meaty' and spicy!


Tip: Avoid the pre-bottled sodas and drinks in the case, they are SILLY expensive.  Just get one of the cups for an in-house beverage (tea, lemonade, etc.) from the dispenser on the counter, they are very yummy and refillable.
If you are a full-time vegan who misses meat, I think Green adds welcome variety to your diet. If you prefer Middle Eastern, Indian, or "hippie" vegetarian/vegan, you will probably not like Green too much as their menu is largely vegan-ized items (they use mock meats and cheeses to create burgers, chicken wings, and the like) with heavy use of salty sauces, vegan mayo, and deep frying.

The service and atmosphere are decent for any fast casual eatery and the place is clean as a can be. I've been many times, but the time between my visits is increasing each time.

Please don't mistake the the words "vegan", "organic", "natural", etc. for "healthy". Green certainly has healthy items on their menu, but they also have tons of deep fried choices and something like half their menu is slathered in a rainbow of salty sauces.
Ever chug a gallon a water and still feel as if you're thirsty from food that's been over-salted?  That's exactly what happened to us. 

We checked out Green in Phoenix.  I must warn you, parking is a bit of a nightmare.  Very limited spots and fills up fast.  Standing in line to order was very disorganized and it took about 25 minutes to get our food.  I can understand waiting that long if you have a sit-down restaurant, but it's a pretty casual restaurant.  The wait seemed excessive.

I ordered the Singapore Orange and hubby had the Original PoBoy.  We shared our meals and I'm sorry to say, I was under-whelmed and felt queezy from all the saltiness.  We drank tons of water thru the night and still had a funky after-taste the next day (YUCK!).

I really wanted to like Green as I've enjoyed other Vegan restaurants.  I think they have way too many cuisines.  They serve: Thai, Indian, American, Italian, Greek & Mexican.  Focus on one or two and make them exceptional.
Better than expected. Def will return. Loved the calexico "burger"
simply irresistible!

the big wac is the best vegan thing that you will ever eat in your life!  no lie!  just order it, you'll be happy you did.
This is a weekly spot for us to grab take-out from. The wings are the perfect substitute for someone like me who LOVES chicken wings but doesn't eat chicken. :)

The bowls never disappoint-- we get the singapore orange and thai peanut regularly. Everything seems simple and not over-done but with amazing flavor. I always feel satisfied and healthy after a meal here. Service is super friendly and helpful for first-time orderers. 

The outside patio is a great spot to sit if you are eating in.
This is a nice place for vegans and vegetarian, for well missed fast and comfort food. My friends who are not vegetarian enjoyed food here as well! However, food here is generally salty, and mostly fried which is not the healthiest food option out there. However, I really enjoyed the buffalo wing with barbecue sauce (you have to specifically ask for barbecue sauce, and this option is not listed on menu), and the artichoke chicken salad. I wasn't too impressed with asian dishes though, which is understandable since that's not really their specialty. I would go back again but probably only once in a while when I crave for less than healthy indulgence.
This place is awesome! Everything I have tried is incredible! I love the spicy buffalo wings! The only thing that would make it better would be delivery service
I'm a confirmed carnivore. I admire my sharp, pointy canine teeth designed for ripping flesh off of a bone. I have an deep, abiding love for pastrami, ham and steak. Heck, I even like bologna and hot dogs-- the worst of the worst.

But if there ever was a reason to "go vegetarian," it's in Central Phoenix at Green, who tout their cuisine as "New American Vegetarian." This means it isn't all ooky cubes of bland tofu thrown into some stir fry or thin Mung Bean Soup. It is, however, 100% vegan with gluten free options.

Although Chef Damon Brasch, the mastermind behind Green, promotes his menu as "comfort" food, that may be a bit of a stretch. There's absolutely no substitute for, say, Shepherd's Pie, bacon or a roast beef dinner. Sorry. However, Green does have an attractive array of dining options that are very, very tasty, flavorful and filling.

The Spicy Peanut Chicken Salad presents spicy peanut mock chickenover fresh greens, carrots tossed in miso vinaigrette and tortilla strips. ($6 sm/$9 lg). Very appealing.

The Kung Pao Mock Chicken Bowl offers spicy ginger and garlic tamari sauce with crushed peanuts. Eight different bowls are on the menu with lots of veggies (of course) plus your choice of chicken, beef (mock), house or fresh tofu. Choose from either pan fried noodles or organic brown rice.

Take your pick from nine different po- boys, sandwiches and burgers. The "No Harm Parm" po-boy features a breaded mock-chicken cutlet with tasty Mum's tomato sauce and a dazzling mozzarella cheese. But the bread ... you have to try their bread. Phenomenal. All these are between $8.50-$9 and come with your choice of thyme fries, fresh fruit, or an incredible dolphin-safe Tahini Coleslaw which will knock your free-range socks off.

Green's cooler has a vast and delightful range of ice teas, sodas, mineral waters and flavored Kombucha that's a pleasure for any diner's palate. 

You'll never see Colonel Sanders, Ronald McDonald or Long John Silver in here--but during our visit we saw Hollywood's handsome Kal Penn of stoner flick Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle. (He must've had the munchies, dude.) He didn't find the legendary 100% beef hamburgers there, but he was in the right place for one fine veggie burger.
If you are a vegan or vegetarian I don't know how you don't live here.  The food is amazing here and you will feel like you are eating a juicy burger.  The berry lemonade is a homerun.
I've been to the Tempe location and when I found out the other location is near my house I was overjoyed!!! However, I am not overjoyed about the teeny weeny parking lot. Once the employees park their cars there are too far spots left. Because of the lack of parking we ordered take out. My husband who really enjoys meat loved the food here. 

Eggless egg rolls-thumbs up
Samosas-thumbs up
Lemon pesto w/ chicken-thumbs WAY up
Mixed green salad w/ chicken-thumbs WAY up
Buffalo wings-thumbs up
BBQ bacon burger-thumbs up

Can't wait to go again.
The argentine sandwich is do good!  So is the big wak!  The fries are also amazing and so are the drink options!  Appetizers were ok though.  The crab puffs and buffalo wings will never see me again... But the entrees have seen me twice and will see me a ton more times!
How have I not reviewed this place yet? I think I have eaten out here more times than anywhere else in the valley! Must try their fresh vegetarian burgers. The Big MAC is amazing and according to my husband (who eats meat) it is close and so much better than the real thing. I personally like the BBBQ burger the best. My advice get it w/ chili fries. Also dont forget to come on Sundays for brunch at nami,next door.
I thoroughly enjoy this place. The food variety is fabulous without being overwhelming. There are great healthy options mixed with mock bar food options and honestly all the options are fantastic. 

I love the atmosphere. The service is always quick, friendly and fun. 

I am a regular here and I highly recommend checking it out!

The Artichoke Chicken Salad is wonderful, the chili cheese nachos are good, the Kung Pao with noodles and tofu is delicious. 

DO NOT skip the fresh lemonade or green tea. Honestly, it would be a big mistake! And I dare you to mix them...doooo it!
I never once thought that one of the best burgers I've ever had would come from a vegan resturant, but it does. I'm not vegan, or even vegetarian, but I've been to Green numerous times and while I've enjoyed many things on their menu, I keep going back for their "Big Wac", their version of the Big Mac, or "BBBQ Burger", their BBQ bacon burger. They're delicious! The texture and flavor is exactly that of the meat version of the items they represent.
They have everything from healthy options that you would expect from a vegan resturant, to bar food style options like mock buffalo wings and chili cheese nachos.
There really is nothing negative to say about this place. I can't even think of an "it might be better if...".
This is definitely a must try! Make sure to hit up Nami right next door for coffee and dessert when you're done!
Great vegan place, been vegan since beginning of the 2013, and I have eaten at vegan places in Philly, NY, CA prior to becoming full vegan and Green New American Vegetarian is a great place in Phoenix!  Great food.  

My wife and I enjoyed the wings both times we visited this establishment, we highly recommend (make sure they give you their vegan ranch!).  First time we were there we also tried a Po Boy and it was good.

Second trip there, we had the Jerk Tofu Salad which let me tell you was some damn good tofu salad!!!  We also tried the Mac n Cheese and it was good in the sense if they did use nutritional yeast it wasn't overpowering, tasted like real mac n cheese but lighter.  We were hungry so we also ordered the samosas which were good, I thought the sauce needed more heat but that is just because I like spicy food.

Next time we are in Phoenix we will definitely stopping in again!
Some familial vegetarians introduced me to this gem (I've no dietary preferences).  Short and sweet...it's extraordinary!

Vegan buffalo wings?!? My military man/carnivorous husband says (guardedly) that these are the best wings he's ever had! And I agree...

Not to mention the "Big WAC", Diablo Red Bowl, or Original "G " Spicy Po-Boy (Buffalo mock chicken). 

My soul mourns the fact that Green is far from my house and not open on Sundays.

Those buffalo wings...seriously...they will blow your mind. I want them now!
The vegan Gods have spoken and have decreed: "Let there be Green". Far and away the best Vegan place between Los Angeles and East St. Louis, Green is beyond awesome. The Buffalo chicken wing & samosa appetizers rule.The original po' boy sandwich? Unbeatable. And just when it can't get any better, you head next door to Nami for the best freakin' desert treat you'll ever have.

Green is keen.
I have this friend who loves meat.  I mean LOVES meat.  I convince her to meet me here for a meal and being the brave soul she is she gives it a try.  Now I've been here before and I know the food here is good but she's a skeptic.  She orders a burger and fries and the look on her face when she took that first bite said it all.  She was blown away how good vegetarian food can taste.

If you like good food don't let the vegetarian scare you away.  Every item I've tried on the menu is amazing.
I go to Green on a regular basis, and no I'm not vegan or vegetarian. I've tried several things on the menu and all have been bursting with flavor. You really don't miss the meat, and they seem to do something special with all of their sauces as they all taste great! My faves are:
 - No harm chicken parm, this is better than most real chicken parm sandwiches that I've had.  
 - BBQ chicken, the sauce on this one is amazing! 
 - Coconut curry, full of veggies and potatoes
 - Blonde Alfredo - I don't have to take any lactaid to enjoy this alfredo, and I don't miss the dairy either!

The counter staff is always really friendly and nice. I also like that they have fresh lemonade, limeade and iced tea. I would highly recommend Green.
Almost every time we come into Phoenix from my home up north, we stop at Green. It's hard to go from the quick, tasty grease of traditional American carnivore meals to vegetarian. Green makes it a little easier :). The Big Wac is amazing, tastes better than a Big Mac and I have convinced a lot of carnivores to go try it. A few decided to go full vegetarian after knowing they could still get flavorful, comfortable tastes without having to settle on just rabbit food or squishy tofu. There are a few thing that didn't tickle my taste buds (the kids mac&cheese, tahini coleslaw and crab puff dipping sauce). But everything else I have really enjoyed. LOVE the Spicy Peanut Tofu as does my tofu-hating brother, which is saying a lot. The No-Harm Chicken Parm is the best and the Original "G" and BBQ Chicken/Portabello Mushroom Sandwiches are incredibly tasty. I like to ask for extra thyme for my fries because yes, depending on the kitchen, I have noticed it can get be a little skimpy :/. Overall, if you're in the area and willing to try something different, try Green.
Food was great. My wife is Vegan (I'm not) we decided to give this place a shot. I'm very satisfied with my experience.  The people that work here are very nice and I could hear the cooks singing which made me laugh. I also like that they seemed very quick to clean the vacant tables (nothing is grosser than a dirty table, well maybe two dirty tables). One thing I will say is that the music was a bit to loud for me but I'm sure they would have turned it down if I asked.
"Vegetarian never tasted soo good"

No really, I have been continually impressed. I have been here about 3-4 times and this place has yet to disappoint. 

SO let's talk about SOME of the things I've had:
Spicy Buffalo "Wings"
Chili Fries
Crab Puffs
Egglessrolls
Samosas
Lemon Pesto (with noodles and chicken)
Big WAC (play on the big MAC vegetarian style)
Sloppy Joe (Soy Chorizo)

I mean.. this place was soo good, I convinced my meat-loving co-workers to come with AND even they make requests to go back. That's when you know you are on to something.

Let's talk about the people:
FANTASTIC. They are patient, answer all of your questions, help you to explore the menu, sauces, sides. Don't like something.. no problem! They are happy to resolve (this hasn't happened to me, but they thought it did and pulled out the red carpet).

The place is super cozy and cute. 

Most importantly.. you are in and out quickly and they bring your food as it is prepared. LOVE THIS PLACE!
Great place, some of the friendliest folks around, a wide variety of reasonably-priced choices, and some awesome presentations make for a wonderful place to congregate with your vegan / vegetarian friends... that is... if you guys can carpool as their parking lot is tiny. Who needs meat when there are places like this that use color, spices, flavorings, and lots of pizzazz to make their food stand out?
One of my favorite places for vegan comfort food! Love the new menu and creative specials.
We really enjoyed the vegan food here and thought it was well priced.
They call it new American because American's are known for fast food. Don't think you're getting healthy if you go to green, you're getting vegan American fast food. 

While I have enjoyed meals here time and time again, I must admit I only return for the scene and nami next door. 

My friend Cole and I shared a big wack and the wings but I enjoyed my beer most of all. Yeah, they serve beer here now :) I tried Mr. Pineapple a few weeks back and ordered this but Cole had no problem telling me it was light and not strong enough for his taste buds.. Who would have thought that the meat eater would be a bigger pussy than the vegan? It's okay though, I'm a girl who likes beer so I'll give myself a pat on the back for that. 

Anyway, after dinner we went next door where my friend Mariah served us up so vegan treats. I originally tried making up my own Tsoynami creation but after a few minutes I just let her surprise me. WOW was I surprised and pleasantly so. She made a strawberry cheese cake creation with nilla wafers and strawberries YUM. We also got a banana muffin with peanut butter frosting that was ORGASMIC. 

If you've got a sweet tooth and you're like me / try to stay away from dairy, this is the place to go!
This was great!!  Even if there were a lot of vegetarian options in the area.  I've been vegetarian my whole life.  
Great variety!
Will def go again soon!
I'm not vegetarian but I'm vegetarian friendly.  I'm no stranger to faux meats and tofu.  I've had the "chicken" wings a number of times thanks to friends but had never eaten at the restaurant.  

I was slightly dubious about ordering the Calexico burger but I was glad I did.  The patties were described as "vegan" but as far as I'm concerned, they were made of magic.  For you Midwesterners, they reminded me those wafer-thin steakburgers you get at Steak N' Shake.  Delicious!  The fries were tasty but nothing special.  The lemonade was also quite tasty and not too sweet.
Great place if you're vegan and want some burger or sandwiches. Severs are helpful, choices are plentiful, and portions are reasonable.
Good overall just don't order the mac and cheese! Really, no, don't.
YUM!  This place is amazing.  I am not vegan anymore, but I still love cooking and eating vegan every once in awhile.  This place does it well.  Amazing flavors, great options, and Stronghold wine on tap!!  My birthday is this weekend and I have veggie, vegan, and gluten free friends, along with bachelor types that eat burgers.  I know going here will make everyone happy.  My only complaint... I wish there was one in San Diego!!
Love this place! If you're slightly hungry, share some samosas and crab puffs. The chili fries r great too - my daughter is vegan and I'm veg and we both loved the food and funky ambiance. Worth driving a distance for!
Good beer selection, so so food selection. I guess my gripe is that the food here is really just glorified healthier stir fried Asian food.  Props for offering textured protein as an offering (rather than just tofu).  The sauces are good, and the portions are decent.  It's just not the type of food I crave, possibly because it is so healthy.  Be prepared that the parking lot is terrible.  Drive the smallest car you can or carpool.
I am really surprised at how good the food is at Green. Considering I'm not a vegetarian by any stretch of the imagination I can't believe that I actually really liked it. I got the Kung Pao noodle bowl with mock chicken and it was delicious. The sauce was spicy and flavorful. The veggies were fresh tasting and not overcooked. And I couldn't believe how tasty the "chicken" was! I don't know what's it's made out of but it really did taste like chicken.

They were super busy at lunch but they kept things organized and brought the food out pretty fast. I also liked all the healthy beverage options. I would definitely eat here again and any time I am asked for a vegetarian restaurant recommendation this is what I will say is the best in the valley.
Took my daughter today and it was a great experience. We got two Big Wacs and the Green Hummus. DELICIOUS! Super friendly staff. Wee took a short stroll next door and got TSoyNami YUM! Will definitely back very soon. I'm a big carnivore and this place is now a goto destination.
will not go back. when i visit asu  i always go to tsom or pomegranate cuz food is wonderful and great prices.  but today i decided to give this place a try.    i am a vegan who do not like fake meat. so i ordered the lemon and walnut bowl with brown rice. there was barely brown rice. and the veggies were all fillers veggies. ie zucchinis and carrots.   they put way too much oil which was a bummer cuz there was no rice to soak up. when i asked the guy how much rice do they put in a bowl he didnt know the answer. hmmmm. also the meal should have came with a lemon pinenut pesto sauce. ummm. i got lemon and oil sauce. i must have gotten a new new cook. what a shame.
I'm not from Arizona, but I had a few hours to kill before a flight and decided to explore beyond downtown Phoenix for dinner. Yelped "vegetarian" and saw this place, whose menu was reminiscent of one my favorite spots back home in NYC, Red Bamboo.

This is veggie-friendly reimaginings of classic American comfort food. Po Boys. Egg rolls. Buffalo "wings." Some asian fusion-style bowls as well.

The food was excellent. Service was quick - and very friendly (being a NY-er, I was a little overly conscious about taking up too much of the server's time, but they loved chatting!). 

EXCELLENT beer selection and wine on tap!

And it was CHEAP, given the quality of the ingredients and portions. Since I knew I wouldn't be back soon, I wanted to sample a lot and the cashier warned me that I was ordering way too much food for one person (I did), but I went ahead and the bill was less $25 including a glass of wine. 

Really awesome, forward-thinking place. Made me reconsider my evaluation of Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale after a week there. Glad to see this kind of spot in Arizona and I hope it does gangbusters and inspires other similarly-minded businesses (I think it will - I was especially encouraged by the diversity of customers. Old war vets you'd expect to sneer at some fancy-pants non-meat, hearty salt-of-the-earth families, etc. Definitely not what you'd expect at a very urban-hip type place!)

I then went to their sister vegan ice cream/coffee shop, Nami, which was excellent and I will review later.
This place is YUMMY! I used to be a Veggie and love the food still. I work downtown and have a ton of options for lunch but, I'm always wanting Green. I recommend the Thai Chicken Salad and the Po Boy Sandwich. The Po Boy is so SPICY but so bomb. You must go! I ordered the kid's chicken nuggets today and they are so good! :)
The thrill of having a whole menu to order from! Yummy little vegetarian place tucked away in a sort of ugly strip mall, and worth the trip. The salads are very large, and unsurprisingly very green, fresh, and full of yummy toppings. The menu has healthy vegetarian options and unhealthy vegetarian options, so everyone can be pleased. I particular like the Mushroom Po'Boy, a really nice take on the normal (and getting boring) restaurant standard of a portabella sandwich. This Po'Boy is full of a savory and solid flavor. The pesto stir fry bowl is also really yummy, what vegetarian doesn't love pesto?
Green, I'm so glad you've opened up a midtown location. 

In college, when I lived in Tempe, I'd frequent green very regularly. After I graduated and moved downtown, I'd drive myself over to the Scottsdale Rd. location as often as possible for the sweet and sour bowl, the smores tsoynami, and whatever yummy baked goods were fresh that day. 

So here's the scoop, for all of you soon-to-be enthusiasts. 

Green serves 100% vegan food. That means no dairy, eggs, gelatin, etc. However, their food isn't 'healthy'. That's not a dig-they do casual, 'comfort'-style vegan food that you'd be hard-pressed to distinguish as being vegan.  With mac and cheese, burgers, rice/noodle bowls, salads, buffalo wings, etc, green has a little something for just about any craving. 

After your meal, go next door to their joint dessert/coffee bar and snag yourself a tsoynami. Just. Do. It. 

The (few) downsides-


They changed their menu a few months ago, and I was pretty bummed-some of the items that I loved and ordered regularly throughout the years were replaced. I was kind of disappointed when they first rolled out some of the new items, but it's definitely gotten MUCH better/consistent. 

I've gone with a few non-vegan/vegetarian friends, and while all of them have been pleasantly surprised with the food they've ordered, sometimes the staff hasn't been too keen on explaining things, making substitutions, etc. That's kind of a bummer. I feel like it's improved, though, and the Phoenix location feels less hipstery-'cliquey' than the green I first encountered five or six years ago. 

It's downtown. Parking is limited and tight. Carpool!
I've been a vegan now for about 15 years and have eaten at every possible vegan friendly establishment I could find in my travels.

I can honestly say with no hesitation that in terms of good old comfort food done vegan that Green leaves every other place I've eaten at in the dust. This includes every restaurant frequented while living in Portland, OR which to many is some kind of vegan mecca. 

Get the Big Wac. Best vegan burger I've ever had.
One of my all time favorite veg restaurants in the Valley. The food is consistently delicious and the service is great. I just wish it was closer to my neighborhood in the west Valley.
I'm not vegan or vegetarian, the food is just that good! I'm always down to come here for a bite to eat because the food is always delicious and consistent. It's also a pretty big plus it's right across the street from where I live. I admit, I was a little iffy to try some of the things on the menu, however, I was never let down.
First of all, I'm not a vegan nor am I a vegetarian. I actually love meat, dairy, and most things that come from animals. Having said that, Green absolutely blew me away. I never in a million years would have thought that I'd actually be reviewing a restaurant that only serves vegetarian/vegan options with such high praises, but here I am. 

I love the whole "comfort food" thing they're going for. I got some egglessrolls to start and the diablo red bowl. Both were awesome. The atmosphere at this location was also really cool. Super friendly staff that were patient with me.
Great food!  Had the Bid Wac!  Deliciuos!  You would not know this thing is Vegan.  Fries were good.  Also had the cole slaw which was tasty.  Afterwards we went next door to their dessert place (Nami).  Vegan ice cream!  Yum!  If you crave that hamburger you might be missing, this place, the Big Wac, will help satisfy it.  Cant't wait to go back and try other dishes.
We love Green and have never had anything but a great experience at both locations, although 7th St is our favorite (better ambience).  We have tried most everything on the menu and loved it all.  Favorites are the buffalo "wings" (and the amazing dipping sauce!!!!!) and the spicy peanut tofu on a salad or in a bowl.  We have brought both vegetarians and meat-lovers here, and no one was disappointed!  They do a great job making fresh, unique, healthy, delicious food...it doesn't even matter if you care whether it's meat or not once you've had a few bites.  Green definitely deserves a spot on your Phoenix restaurant "favorites" list! (It's on mine! : )
This is the first vegan food I have had at a restaurant that is actually really good and not the typical weird vegan crap. It is the normal food you are used to eating made vegan! Love it! Wish they were closer.
Wow! I tried out some of their food at the Phoenix Local First Festival last year and loved the faux chicken wings. They were delicious. I had planned on going to the restaurant but had mostly forgotten about it until recently when a friend of mine had a birthday party there.

I was so impressed! Everything was delicious. I had a little bit of everything at the table and enjoyed it all. I ordered a Po Boy sandwich for myself. It was tremendous! A little spice on the previously mentioned chicken wings. 

They had some truly stand out hummus. Absolutely incredible chili fries...I'm going back soon. So good!
I'm not a vegetarian but I loved this joint. Great food, good portions, good beer. Nuff said.
This place is great!  Heard about it from my daughter and it is now one of our top favorite restaurants.  I love the Big Wac.  I like veggie burgers already, but do indulge in a turkey burger once in a while.  The Big Wac is so good it can replace my turkey burgers :-).  You can have it with a side of fries, cole slaw or fruit.  I had the cole slaw with the tahini sauce...very good.  The portions are good but I didn't feel stuffed afterwards.
Excellent spot. All the food had great flavor. The service seems slightly unorganized but everyone is friendly. I'm not sure what coffee they use but it was delicious.
Went to the tempe one originally, but love this new location. much prettier (not a strip mall), with the same great food. the green burger with thyme fries is still my favorite. Keep it up!
I'm not a vegan/vegetarian, so this was a new thing for me and I loved it!  If this is clean eating, gimme more.  I've only eaten at the Phoenix location once and the Scottsdale location once.  I definitely recommend the vegetarian Big Mac thing, even though I'm not a fan of McDonald's.  The fries were delicious too.  I liked that they had a couple different kinds of teas and you can refill your drink with whatever you want (or buy the glass bottle drinks).  The atmosphere is trendy and fun, right in line with the food.  The staff and the other customers all seemed friendly, even the biker-dude eating on the patio.  I guess this kind of food makes you feel good about eating for once.  I wish we had a Green even closer to us in East Mesa.
Amazing  vegetarian food. Never knew vegetables tasted so good. I had the lemon pesto and the chili fries. Both are highly recommended.
Found this place on yelp. We were 5 vegetarian people looking for good veg food and this place didn't disappoint. I had red diablo and was really good. Try their imitation meat, it's really good. Highly recommend for vegetarian food.
Just so delicious. Better than equivalent restaurants that uses animal products. I loved it and I'm hardly a vegan!
So, I must admit that when I walked into this restaurant I did not really know what I was doing. As a recently minted Vegan my friends have been telling me to try this place. Figuring from their name, they'd have vegan options or at least items you could modify to be vegan. Upon looking at the menu the "Big Mac" grabbed my attention. It mentioned that it was a vegan burger but had cheese. "Why would they do this?" I asked my friend. "Why would they put cheese on a Vegan burger and make it un-vegan? Why even bother making the burger vegan then?" I queried. She then pointed to a section on the menu that described the restaurant. Much to my surprise, Green is a 100% vegan restaurant!

Now, I didn't know what to get because everything sounded good, being Vegan. The waitress suggested we get the special they were offering that night, which they were doing for NYE 2013. The special included hot & sour soup, "egg" rolls, vegan crab puffs, BBQ "chicken" skewers, some baby bok choy, and some sort of vegan duck dish. I have never had duck so I have no basis for comparison. I must say, everything was absolutely delicious! The vegan crab puffs...I can't get over how good those were.

They also have really unique drinks and they do offer beer and wine. 

I will definitely be back to this restaurant or their Tempe location.
great salads and fries. Cool hipster environment with a really yummy ice cream spot right next door!
This place is great. The food is delicious. Actually, I eat the Wendy's Pickle every single time, so really I don't know about the other food. But my partner's tried some other stuff and really liked it as well. Very reasonably priced, friendly staff. Love coming here when I'm in the neighborhood.
Great, hip and trendy place downtown. Loved the place, but didn't care too much for the food. That being said for what it is- mostly faux meat tofu specialties (as opposed to just healthy vegetarian eating, with minimally processed tofu perhaps), it's good. It didn't blow my mind, but I liked the place, the vibe, the social consciousness and the people.
This place saved my life while I was in Phoenix last weekend. It's hard being on vacation with people who are not Veggie or Vegan. I was able to escape twice and enjoy Green. 
The Big WAC is a must try! And make sure you save room for dessert next door at Nami.
"Buffalo" wings and the Big Wac are so so delicious! It is one of my favorites restaurants to go for delicious vegan food. I see lots of meat eaters that are surprised to find how delicious vegan food can be.
Stopped in, while passing through on I-10, based on the Yelp reviews. It was a hit!  We had burgers, fries, the egg rolls and strawberry lemonades...zero complaints. Would go in all the time, if we lived here.
Wow. I'm not a vegetarian, but after biting into my first spicy "wing" the whole vegan, vegetarian lifestyle seems way more approachable. Those wings are epic; not for vegan wings, but for wings in general & that ranch? God, I could eat it with a spoon. I also ordered the Thai Peanut Bowl with house tofu and noodles. The portion is heaping and I would probably have had enough for lunch and dinner tomorrow, but it was all too good to stop eating  ...I'm slightly embarrassed. To drink I got the Kombucha Asian Pear and Ginger Sparkling Tea in the retail beverage case... Amaze. Everything excelled my expectations, which is hard to do when it comes to food. & the girl that took my order on the phone was sweet and helpful when I asked her opinion on which bowl she liked best. Now onto watching forks over knives... I'm inching closer.
What an AWESOME place !!! Dang I wish I can move in HAHAHA  It's awesome to get served vegan food that actually taste wicked good . This is differently my " SPOT " . If your close to me you know this ......P.S. Parking does suck sometimes tho , NO LIE
I've been to the other location and got confused, thinking this was that location!  What a different interior than the other; a lot more upscale looking, a nice patio, good beer selection.  But no big fat ice cream bar?  Or maybe I just wasn't looking hard enough.  Ah well, I just wanted good, not desert.

Went with the Big WAC (second time having this) and buffalo wings.  Damn, eating that Big Wac makes me feel like a kid again.  So freakin' delicious.  And they have Teese vegan cheese you can switch out for Daiya (which I eat all the time).  Sweet!  

My companion enjoyed his huge chili dogs and we split the wings, loved em.  What a great ranch sauce.  

I'd be here all the time (other location too) if I lived in the area.
You don't have to be vegan to enjoy this place! The fries are a must,the "burgers" are all good here, and the "wings" are awesome. 

This place definitely has the hipster vibe. I recently had one of the po boys and the "steak" was kind of rubbery but the veggies and sauce was still good. 

Oh and you have to go next door to Nami to get dessert after!
I was in town visiting and decided to check this place out. I'm so happy I did! The food was amazing and staff was really pleasant. The buffalo "chicken" wings where addicting!
I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but my wife is and I love this place. For other meat eaters whos significant other is vegan or vegetarian this is the perfect place to go together.  She'll love you for taking her here and you can get the Big Wac burger which is basically a big mac but way better and more healthy. 

The staff has always been super helping and nice. And unlike other places if you admit it's your first time here they don't look at you like your a street urchin, but are excited and help you with the menu. 6 stars!
We were only in Phoenix overnight, but we ate there TWICE! because the food is so good. Wish this place was in Philly. Food was excellent, although it's a bit loud inside, outside in back was very comfortable. Only one vegetarian in our group, but we all enjoyed the food. The staff is consistently very nice, will definitely eat here again. (oh, the fries are awesome!)
This place is AMAZING!  My (almost 18 year old) daughter and I are vegan, my husband and (also teenage) son are not.  ALL of us were happy with our food here.  We ordered the Big Wac (amazing) and the unegg rolls (also amazing).  My husband and I also enjoyed the Valentine's special ("beef" with fettuccine noodles).  We will be regulars here for sure.  :) I must try it all.
I'm a big fan of the crab puffs and big wac here. The staff is great and the food is always on point. The food comes out pretty quickly as well which is another plus. I still to have yet tried a lot of things but everything that I've tried has been awesome. The artichoke chicken salad is amazing!
We've always loved the Tempe location, and this one is also a great addition.

Got the jerk tofu salad, hubby got the diablo bowl--both were as good as always. Would have liked more 'stuff'' in my salad (only has greens, carrot shavings and tortilla strips along w/the tofu) but it was my fault for not asking more to be added.

Service was awesome; one girl in particular was especially jovial, helpful, always smiling and very personable. Another at the counter looked like she just swallowed a lemon and acted irritated or just rude at the mere asking for a condiment.  Maybe she was having a bad day...

Overall we love Green and plan to come back when we're downtown again. The location is artsy and nice, limited parking is tricky but we made it work. ;)
I absolutely love this vegetarian restaurant. They have a wide selection of food to chose from and it's all so good. My favorite things to get there are the jerk tofu salad, the spicy peanut chicken salad, the green hummus and the spicy peanut tofu. You really can't go wrong with anything you order though. For those of you that don't even like vegetarian foods, well try this place because it will certainly change your mind.
Fake chicken parm & burgers were ridonkulusly delish!
We found this on our way to the airport. The food was delicious and fresh. I had Thee Green Salad which had Hearts of Palm, greens, tomatoes, etc. with a tasty dressing and the Samosas as recommended by the waitress...delicious and unique flavor.  It is a treat to find good, fresh, delicious food while travelling.
I'm not a vegan nor a vegetarian but I love this place. Their mock meats defiantly taste better than the real thing. I recommend this place!
This continues to be my favorite restaurant hands down.
First time I visited was so amazing, second time worst customer service ever!!!! cashier  ignored me and took another persons order I was standing in line behind the other two ordering then it was my turn I had thought but a group of three came in after the cashier looked at me and gave a smirk like she knew what she did.

Needless to say I thought sb 1066.5 was being used so I went across the street to Rice Paper and had the most delicious meal (firecracker shrimp one of the hits) 

I have ran several restaurants, terrible experience today at Greens.
So delicious!! We had the Big Wac, samosas, and the bbq salad. It was all fresh and wonderful.  The service was really good too. We will be back!!
When I told my friends in New England that I was moving to Phoenix, AZ everyone said the same thing "you've got to go to Green!" The coast-to-coast reputation is well deserved; vegan comfort food at its finest. The downtown Phoenix location is even better than the Tempe one with Nami, the bakery right across the street. Service has always been good when I've been in as well. Even if you're not vegan/vegetarian you should stop in.
I never knew how exceptionally good vegetarian food could be until I had it here.  They truly knocked it out of the park, for me.  One key trait that separates a great restaurant from an average one is whether they are consistent.  And my dining experience here demonstrated that.

I've swung by here for lunch and brunch on separate occasions.  During my first time, I took a stab in the dark and went for their Thai Noodles with "Chicken."  Boy, did I order right.  The noodles were perfectly cooked al dente! The "chicken" had great texture and taste.  The veggies were cooked firmly and evenly.  The freshness of all the ingredients made the biggest difference!  The sauce that glazed all over was on point! Everything was balanced nicely.  

As for brunch, the fiancee had their "eggs" Benedict and I had the breakfast burrito.  The Benedict was just okay, we thought.  The "ham" that came in it was on the rubbery side.  The burrito was definitely much better.  What stood out from both dishes was the "egg." Although it didn't quite taste like an ordinary egg, it certainly appeared like one given the texture and color.  The tortilla tasted non-gluten while the potatoes and "sausage" were cooked nicely.  

I wish I lived closer as I would frequent more often.  I certainly hope they expand.  This is truly a hidden gem in my book.  7th St. & McDowell Rd is not known for being a food area but a trip here is definitely worth it.  Parking can be challenging, so if you can't find one, go into the neighborhoods on the south side and park on the dirt lot (you can't miss it) or by the curb.  It is minutes away from Downtown and the I-10 freeway.
Love green, delicious food... whats more to say... could eat here everyday if I had the funds... big wac yumm!
The first few times I tried this place, I would've given it 4 stars. However, the saltiness aspect makes me detract a star. I love their faux chicken (seitan? Soy?) and I usually get the original g spicy po-boy sandwich with the thyme fries (that don't taste like thyme but are still yummy). Big WAC and the BBQ sandwich are both winners. I stay away from the bowls, the food always seems to get cold quickly. I like their samosas and chicken wings as well. Please cut back on the salt, people! As much as I love savory foods, it's really too much. Otherwise, service is always top notch and the place is always busy. Parking can be an issue at times.
Vegans get a bad rap. People seem to think all we eat are sprouts and vegetables. We eats so much more and it is outright delicious! Green is the best example of vegan comfort food! They even serve beer! 
Even if you are not vegan you totally have to try this place. Excellent food, friendly staff as well as a really enjoyable atmosphere. Try the por boy sandwiches as well as the great appetizers. The chicken wings are my favorite! You forget that they are not made out of real chicken.
Love this place.
Let me say my peace to the Mock BBQ Chicken:

What yum wizardry was this? Medallions of mock chicken stuff so superly slathered in delicious espresso BBQ sauce. Accompanied, of course, by flourishings of sauteed onion slices and red pepper magic. 

Face, marauded with tasty sauce. Mouth, accosted with the deep and boisterous flavors, the tantalizing textures of this feast.

And the side, the joy of the coleslaw? The cold crunching cabbage of fine and seasoned tahini company? Scrumptious with honors. 

The lost tummies of yore are gnashing their teethy parts, they're wailing and weeping at the heavens for not having been born in times as these; these moments where one could get the secret BBQ chicken sandwich at Green. Oh, dear eater, hast thou had such an explosive endeavor upon your tasty tongue buds? Have you dined upon such sorcery as is this so noble of sandwiches? 

I say nay, I say too that you must. These are the songs of my taste buds and to these songs you should harken and heed. Have.... the Secret BBQ chicken sandwich

The sweet limeade is yumy too!
We love this place. We go here all the time to meet with friends and it is an awesome place to hang out. 

I always get their Ranchero Salad and a burger or sandwich. My top favorites that I recommend is the Big Wac and Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich. Their Thyme Fries are the BEST!

I am Asian that grew up on home-made Asian Foods, so I don't think their Asian bowls are that good. I use to get them and I would ask for less sauce or sodium because I thought it was a bit salty. Besides that, I love their food. 

I love the thought and design. I always think of inviting friends because it is so cool inside. I love how the artwork changes all the time. This place really makes vegan food appealing to those that are spectacle to the idea of vegan food. 

I am thankful that they are closer to me now since I live in North Phoenix! I go as often as I can!
Love love love love absolutely love this place. Best vegan/vegetarian ever,  hands down. 

I got my family to eat vegan food. The meat "imitation"....  they couldn't tell. Haha. Chicken, meat or sea food. Nope. Not at all. My cousin said " what? this isn't real meat? This is awesome." Hahaha

I come here for dinner and nami which is next door for brunch :) my favv.

I always come back.  Always.
Delicious food, great prices! I am not vegan and I LOVE their food! Cant wait to go back!
Great food, service and vegan options. Love this place!!!
I love going here and get suckered into going to Nami next door every time lol can't resist. Friendly service and clean
This place is absolutely fantastic. I was on vacation in Phoenix and randomly found this place by googling vegetarian restaurants and I was completely blown away. The food is top notch.  For an appetizer I had the buffalo wings and they were a perfect combination of spicy and savory.  I also had the the secret BBQ chicken sandwich and it was probably the best vegetarian chicken sandwich I've ever had. Being from NYC I've been to many vegan/vegetarian restaurants and I can honestly say without any hyperbole that this place is better than any place in NYC.   Do yourself a favor and go to this place now!
The Argentinean Po Boy, The Big Wac, and Seitan Wings are fantastic comfort food to me.   I cant go to Green without splitting a order of the wings with my husband.  We lick the basket clean, haha.  On the advice of a friend, I recently tried the Kaisor Söze Reuben weekly special,  and hope it is added to the menu. LOVED IT!!  We live in South Phoenix and its so nice having one in the central Phoenix area.
I had only one night in Phoenix to catch up with one of my oldest and dearest friends and based on reviews and the menu, I decided to go to Green Restaurant. Green is a 100% vegan restaurant that features new American-style comfort food. They also try to use organic ingredients when possible. But, it was really the chef's statement on the website that made me want to visit. It is owned by Damon Brasch, a vegan chef and restauranteur who is now living his dream by having opened this restaurant. He wanted to create a menu that would please any palate and that was influenced by many different cultures and cooking styles.  And it was so successful that there are now two locations as well as a separate vegan dessert place called "Nami."

My friend alerted me that it was a very casual place so I was prepared to dine super casual on this Friday night. When we arrived around 8 p.m., it was packed and there was just enough seating for our group so we snagged it right away. We took a look at the menu for a long time. As everything is vegan, it was very difficult for me to choose what I wanted. The menu features appetizers, bowls, salads, sammies & burgers, and sides so there was a lot to choose from.  I was also pleased to see that they served beer and wine as well. Once we made our selections, we ordered at the counter, then sat down and waited for our food.

I started with a locally brewed beer -- Four Peaks Peach Ale. Then, our appetizers started arriving. First, we had the green hummus made of garlic, poblano chilies, and chickpeas with fried pita. This one was a winner.

Next,we had the spicy buffalo wings, which were probably my favorite item from the whole night. They were tender with great spice and served with a delicious vegan cucumber ranch.

Our last appetizer was the samosas filled with curried potatoes, peas, carrots, and garlic served with a tamarind dipping sauce. These were okay, but nothing to write home about.

For my entree, I ordered the Clexico Burger. This was their homemade burger with organic garbanzo hummus, cheddar cheese, mayo, and spicy chipotle sauce. The burgers were a bit too meaty for me and not vegetably enough, if you know what I mean. And there were no veggies -- no lettuce or tomato so it was just a lot of fake meat with a nice chipotle sauce. I thought the burger was good, but definitely not what I should have ordered given the other healthy options.

I ended up wishing I had ordered the Singapore orange bowl that my friend had. Filled with fresh broccoli, zucchini, and faux meat, it was delicious.

Another girl got the Coconut Curry Bowl filled with broccoli, zucchini, and potatoes in a curry sauce.

My out-of-town friends tried their famous version of a Big Mac, the Big WAC! This was way too much burger for me. It was two patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, on a sesame bun just the way I remembered. I have to admit that it was good, just too meaty and too much.

In the end, I was so glad I chose this place. Though I wish I had ordered the fresh bowls, I was still satisfied with everything I tried and some items were exceptionally good. All of our bowls and sandwiches were about $9 so pretty cheap. And I love that they offer beer, wine, and soft serve ice cream. This place is a win-win.
I have been to Green twice and both times I have received a heavy amount of rudeness from one of the employees. Which made my visit a bit overthrown but besides that fact the food was great. Although I wouldn't recommend the chili fries as a meal like I did, too salty to be eaten by itself so just leave it as a appetizer for the whole table. The wings are a must so be sure to get a serving of those!
This is an amazing vegan restaurant! The menu is so creative (a Big Whak, with special sauce)! Can't wait to go back yet I hope the staff realizes what customer service is. I felt I was doing them a favor for being there. Also, we were there for almost 20 minutes and the staff didn't bother wiping down a spill at a nearby empty table the entire time. Granted, the place was busy yet I think wiping a spill doesn't require hours of time.
Do not come here if you are in a hurry or expect extraordinary service.  Been here quite a few times. Food is pretty tasty but service sucks!!!!!! If there was a contender for this cuisine I would not come back.
I've heard a lot of hype about Green, and it's taken me years to finally get down there to try it out.

It's the kind of vegetarian restaurant that even a carnivore would enjoy. The menu is large and creative, and "meat-substitutes" like fake chicken and fake beef are available (I'll stick to tofu, thank you.)

I went with a friend and we both ordered bowls off their menu. I got the one with the mushrooms sauteed in sake (so good) with brown rice, veggies, and house made tofu. With a tip it was about $10, and I had leftovers.

Definitely will be going back there again.
Was here on business March 4, 2014. It took me forever to find this place because, being an out of towner, I did not realize there is a N. 7th Street and a N. 7th Avenue both of which intersect McDowell Road. Anyway, I got to the restaurant and ordered the spicy buffalo "wings" to go and had a glass of the local wine while I waited at the table and waited and waited...

I love the clever and artistic design of the place, especially the detailed little touches. I had visited the website before coming and loved the chef's story. I really wanted to love this place. Alas, the wine was meh though I loved that it came in a little mason jelly jar. Also, it took forever to get the one thing that I had ordered. It's not like the place was packed; orders were coming out of the kitchen. When other people who ordered just before and after I did got their food, I went up to check. The cashier checked on it and said it would be right out. Finally, 10 minutes later I got my bag and bounced.

The spicy buffalo "wings" just weren't that good. The breaded "mock" meat was overcooked and too chewy. The glaze on it was just ok. I eat (and cook) vegetarian all the time and have had some fantastic eats; this was a disappointment.
For being, basically, the only vegan restaurant in the downtown area, these people deserve 5/5. I've rarely had mishaps with my food and even when I do the food is still delicious. For being vegan, this place is the best of the best. The fries are a bit skinny for my liking but I still devour pleasingly them with the seasonings and ketchup and fake ranch provided. They now offer alcohol, which is a major plus for the demographic nearby. You have to try the wings. They are delectable, especially for carnivores. And the food is downright delicious. Make sure to check out Nami, next door, for their brunch on Sundays or their Tsoynamis any day of the week!
My partner and I had just become vegetarian last month and I've searched for a vegan/vegetarian restaurant and yelp found me this place. This place rocked our socks out! We took a risk to try infamous spicy buffalo "wings" and we loved it to death! It tastes exactly like a regular chicken. The buffalo sauce was at it's perfect spiciness. As for meals, I ordered original "g" spicy po-boy with thyme fries and my partner ordered secret BBQ chicken sandwich with thyme fries. We both loved them and eat them all up! Absolutely delicious! And the staffs were so friendly and knew how to communicate with us in a heartbeat because we both are deaf. We are coming back no question about it! We will try Nami's their little sister 100% vegan bakery. You need to take your friends over here!!
My husband and I looooove going here!
I am a vegan and even though my family is not they have no complaint going here.

Get the no harm chicken-parm and ask for the pesto instead of the tomato sauce it is so good!
i always chuckle when people say vegetarian food is boring. next time you hear that, send them here. then pat yourself on the back because this place is awesome.
Stopped in here on a business trip to Phoenix. I have to say the big wac was amazing. It brought back all the memories of a McDonald's Big Mac without all the concern with ingredients. I will make this a staple meal on my business trips here. We also had the buffalo wings, crab cakes and everything was delicious! Definitely recommend.
Phoenix is lucky to have this place!  Vegans rejoice as the food was amazing.  I had to go there twice on my visit.  For starters, the staff is very friendly and were happy to be there.

The drinks:
Great selection with some organic choices like lime/lemonade.  I mixed it all up which tasted great.  I will say that trying each individually was nice too.  I love that they have green tea as one of the options.  I did not get anything from the fridge as they had sodas and other things there.  Nice.

The food:
Fries were awesome considering they were thin cut which made them crispy throughout.  Not sure if they had another options, but we got the thyme fries.  I recommend it.

Sandwiches were bomb!
Big Wac - Well, if you like the Big Mac when and if you ever ate meat, this is it without the guilt or blood.  Tasted awesome and I am surprised that this was vegan since the cheese was so cheesy.

Barbeque Chicken - A big sloppy in which you may need a knife and fork to eat.  Me and my friend split it, so we just cut it in half and it oozed with sauce.  Great sauce and great sandwich.  The extra sauce is a nice dipping item for the fries for sure.

Faux Lay Of Fish - Awesome!  Since I had a fish sandwich before while I was eating the last bite, I had to make sure it was not real fish.  My friend reassured me as she is a fish eater.  I on the other hand was surprised.  We had to get it again on our second visit.  The only thing is for those going there to try this, it is a seasonal item or special.  I hope they have it when you go!

Diablo Bowl - Not bad and had great seasoning.  We had a mix of both noodles and brown rice (friends wanted that as I only wanted noodles).  That probably didn't help the dish, but in the long run, the dish had a nice flavor.  Would try again if I am ever in the area after getting one of the above beforehand though.

We also went next door to try a cake.  Although their other stuff was pretty good based on some sampling, that cake was way too sweet.  It was my mini birthday cake though, so THANK YOU for putting that candle on it!  :)  Made me extra happy.
I loved this place.  We just stumbled upon it and it was wonderful.  The food was really good and the staff helped us figure out what was going on.  We're vegetarians but it was like, huh?  So yummy.  Also weirdly the cleanest bathroom I have ever been in in my life, ever.  I'd come back to Phoenix to eat here again.
Yum! We had already eaten at their other location and loved it. We were close to this location and stopped in for a quick bite. 

Friendly service and we got our food quickly. I ordered the Argentine Po Boy to reminisce on our recent trip to the South and enjoyed every bite. Delicious and messy!

Great beer options too. I'd love to check this place out for brunch sometime.
Yum! Loved it! Veggie restaurants always run the risk being... boring? Not the case with Green. Stopped in for lunch with some friends and I was not disappointed.

There's a small parking lot shared with Nami. You can also park around the perimeter of the building in different marked spots. The restaurant is modern and simple and comfortable.

Lots of different wines and beers available, and I would have loved to have one, but I opted for one of many different healthy flavored water drinks in the fridge by the counter. I had the Thai peanut bowl with house tofu and noodles. Sauce was spicy and delish; noodles were cooked well, and there were nice big pieces of fresh broccoli and carrots alongside perfectly done tofu. It was filling and yummy, and I did not feel depressed (from grease and calories) after eating it.

The big wac really does taste like a big mac. It looks beautiful - the way you'd hope a big mac would look, and it tastes awesome. Calexico burger was pretty good. Cole slaw is really fresh, really good, and the fries are amazing. I could eat the fries all day, every day.

I will be back! Even if you're not huge on veggie only food, this place is worth a try. If you like tofu, definitely stop in. Faux meats taste really close to real meat so again, give it a go!
Nice idea but I don't think many of the options here are actually much healthier than their meat-ful counterparts unless you stick with a salad. The place is larger on the inside than it looks when driving by. I had the Big Wac, which was good but not amazing like others report. My friend had a calexico which had a nice hummus/sauce mixture, but was otherwise pretty boring. I don't know....feel like burgers should have some form of veggies like lettuce, tomatoes, etc. Another friend had the thai peanut bowl. The tofu was pretty good but that sauce was so thick and heavy. I'm curious to try other options and check out Nami, but they've got some work to do to impress me foodwise.
good food and good atmosphere most of the time.  my only complaint is sometimes the staff are rude, they look at you like they wonder why you are in there place...to eat you jerks!
This place has been on my 'to try' list for a long time, but a little part of me always pushed off going here. This changed the other day when hanging with my buddy Dave H. We went here at lunch time. You walk up to the counter, order, and sit down to wait for food delivery. We ordered the hummus, the samosas, and the coconut curry bowl with the house tofu. We quickly had the hummus delivered and then.... crab puffs? Woops. Well, we had discussed the crabpuffs, so we figured they just put in the wrong order. That was ok, we were happy to try them. The crab puffs were good... I don't like regular crab puffs, but the veg version was fairly tasty, creamy, and crispy on the outside. The hummus was very good, a little spicy, but overall tasty... now, it was no Pita Jungle hummus... definitely not at the same caliber, but it was good. I liked the crispy pita chips, but I think it might be better with just normal pita. Anyway, I guess they realized they brought out the wrong item (crab puffs) and they brought us the samosas... woohoo! The samosas were by far the best item I tried there. They were cinnamon -y and delicious... crispy with a wonderful filling. I would come back here just for the samosas...yum. The curry bowl was also good, but I wish it had more sauce.... it wasn't the most flavorful food I've ever had, especially for a curry. I would want to try it again to see if maybe it was just lacking sauce on the day we were there. I will definitely be back here!


PS the decor here is beautiful, very clean and modern. 
PPS the prices are affordable- less than 10$ per person
Fantastic gluten free buffalo wings, though the Alfredo bowl is very bland. Be sure to check out Nami nextdoor after!
This place is so freaking awesome. I travel from Flagstaff just to eat here, my favorite is the No Harm Chikn Parm :D
This was my first visit to this Green location - I love the Tempe location but decided to try something different yesterday.

Green is located next to Nami in what looks like a tiny vegan complex. :) I love how cute and cozy Green was! The ice cube machine made me laugh too. Service was friendly, food was good as always. I was happy that they had the same menu as the Tempe location so I was able to get my usual - the calexico burger with thyme fries and buffalo "wings." Yum! 

I'll be back to try their brunch. :)
Big wac, Big wac, Big wac. Just remember to say that to the person behind the counter and you will find yourself in a happy place.

This is a true vegan/vegetarian restaurant that caters to any sort of dietary restriction (except of course if you're a carnivore). 

Most places are scared of not having a meat option on the menu, because they think it would drive away customers. Well this place is bustling most hours of the day, as is the companion dessert-shop Nami right next door. As with most places in this area it can be sometimes challenging to find a place to park, but if you're crafty it shouldn't be too hard. 

You could also try the Calexico burger, that was tasty as well.

The staff are always cool here, if a bit hipster (hell, I suppose the whole place has that kind of vibe but it certainly feels less judgmental than say...Cartel Coffee). 

I'll be a customer forev.
Let me just preface by saying I am not a vegan. Actually, I am the opposite of a vegan and indulge in red meat pretty frequently. However, a good vegan friend of mine wanted to try this place out and I am so glad I did! We went on a Wednesday afternoon and it was packed. The parking situation is not favorable, so try and carpool if you can. Luckily, we ordered and were able to snag  a table at the front. I had the Thai Peanut Bowl with mock chicken and it was surprisingly, really good! It was loaded with fresh veggies and the perfect amount of sauce. The only aspect I found lacking was. . .salt. I'm not sure if I am desensitized by the morbid amount of soy sauce I consume at home - I most likely am. Don't get me wrong, the meal was amazing but I think a dash or two of salt would have made this meal perfect. The mock chicken was also surprisingly yummy. It had the consistency of a frozen chicken nugget (odd) but the flavor was spot on. I would definitely visit again! I am dying to try the Big Wac.
New concept of fast food Sushi ... you make your own ... going through a fast line, you pick your rice, wrap  ( seaweed or soy paper), 3 vegetables, then your meat or fish.   Entire process takes about 2 minutes, and ends up with delicious custom sushi.

Portions very filling, staff friendly, and place spotless.    Price very reasonable.   Definitely going back!
On our way to the Chipotle in the same complex today, my husband and I were accosted by one of the staff members encouraging us to come in and try How Do You Roll. The menu looked interesting and affordable, so we decided to give it a try. We were told it was their first day of business and we were excited to try it. It is basically build your own sushi roll. It is a lot like Subway or Chipotle, where you pick your rice, wrapper, veggies, raw meat, cooked meat, sauces, and toppings as you walk from one end of the counter to the other. They had a great selection of ingredients and I was impressed by the toppings and sauces that were available, including sesame seeds, spicy mayo, wasabi mayo, masago, etc.
My husband and I each had one roll and a cup of miso soup for a grand total of about $16. The rolls were pretty good and the veggies were crisp and fresh. Each roll is cut into 10 large pieces and won't leave you hungry. While the miso soup had a good flavor, I wished it hadn't tasted so watered down.
The staff members were very friendly and paid careful attention to every detail. One employee even picked up our table for us when we were finished eating. 
All in all, I am glad that we had lunch here, and we will definitely go back soon and try a new combination of ingredients in our rolls! 
We are happy to welcome How Do You Roll into the neighborhood and hope that they do well!
What a great new concept!  I love how you can create your own sushi roll.  You start by selecting brown or white rice, seaweed or soy paper then veggies, meat/fish and top it with your choice of sauce(s).  If you aren't creative they have some menu items already created for you.  And, to also note, if you aren't a fish fan, they have chicken and beef as well.  Each roll comes with 10 pieces, so portions are big.  The food is fresh and it was a blast to create my own roll. I will definitely go back!!!  Well done!
Just opened today, make your own sushi roll, AWESOME! Not for the faint of heart or those who can't make decisions. Fruit on rolls? Try it, pineapple rocked! Will be back often!
Great concept and friendly staff. Food was fresh and combinations are endless.  makes it a nice light and cheap lunch. I cant wait to go back
Refreshing new concept for our fine city.  Quick, affordable and high quality product to go with some very friendly/helpful service.  Vibe of restaurant is very "hip" and clean.  Rear patio area is a great place to people watch.  Nice to leave a fast casual restaurant without feeling guilty.  Will be back next time in am in the area.
This place is delicious. The restaurant is functionally similar to chipotle but with Japanese sushi. There is a great variety, from traditional style sushi to more "modern" varieties (dying to try beef in my sushi!) can't wait to go back!
Finally decided to check this place out for lunch. It's esentially a Chipotle set up but with sushi. You can pick a pre selected roll (ranging from $6-11) or make your own a la carte. You can get soy paper or the traditional Nori wrap. I forget the name of the roll I had, it had crab and uni. It was decent, nothing to write home about. My wife actually attempted to order a riceless roll and while they made it for her, it seemed to be a super task. Overall I give it a solid 3 stars. Not sure I'll go back, but it doesn't mean you shouldn't give it a try if you're in the area
As someone who loves sushi rice, but not the raw fish that usually accompanies it, this place is perfect. When we came in, the manager described it as the Chipotle of sushi, and with the affordable prices of PeiWei. While I thought it was kind of strange to describe this place in terms of nearby restaurants, it really is an accurate description.  

The rolls are a decent size and quite filling. I'm a big guy but two rolls filled me up easily.  I got a brown rice, mango, cucumber, and asparagus roll, and a white rice, avocado, spinach, and tofu skin roll. Both were delicious and only $4 each for 10 pieces.  

This place is my new favorite place in all of Phoenix. Can't wait to go back.
Great concept. You basically get to build your own sushi. Generous portions, each roll was about 10 pcs. Lots of options and very good! The owner was there and very personable.
The creator of this concept is a genius!  The Chipotle of sushi.  How did it take someone so long to come up with this idea?  After all, up until sushi became a trendy delicacy in the late 20th century, it was actually japanese fast food.

To navigate through its menu, just think Chipotle.  You pick your wrap (seaweed or soy) and rice (brown or white).  Then pick up to three veggies, your protein, then sauces and toppings.  The prices change based on your selection, but for about $6 to $8, you'll walk away with a pretty generous sized roll.  If you don't know what combinations work best, there's a small selection of "signature" rolls they'll put together for you.  I made a spicy tuna roll with brown rice, jalapeño, avocado and chili sauce.  Good and hot!

The food itself is decent.  I would rate the quality of How Do You Roll as a couple of steps above a high-end grocery store sushi bar (Whole Foods, AJ's, Fry's Signature, etc).  But, it's not even close to as good as any of the trendy sushi spots in the valley.

It's not cheap.  But considering it's fresh fish, it's not expensive.  If you're looking for a big calorie busting meal, there's just about every other fast food option within 10 minutes of How Do You Roll.  If you're looking for something that's of a higher quality, and can be served in very healthy style (as long as you avoid the mayo based sauces), then roll with it!
For $7.05, I got a brown rice, mango, avocado, jalapeno and spicy salmon sushi rolled in seaweed and topped with creamy miso sauce, sesame seeds n chili powder.

Quality was ok--- the fruits were canned and the fish wasn't top notch, but the price is reasonable.
This was my first time at How Do You Roll? I thought it was an interesting concept, but I am still skeptical. I was able to design my own sushi role and picked things that I wanted. I have to say that I am not sure that I know how to design a sushi roll and it was not that delicious. I would even say it was weird. There were a few rolls to choose from that were standard, but I wanted to be adventurous. I will admit that I may not try that again. 

I feel like I have to do research on sushi ingredients before I try creating my own again.
An absolutely amazing concept and both food and service were great!
I came here this afternoon because I was feenin for some sushi and heard good things about this place. 

I parked on the street to create less stress for myself so I can't talk to much about the parking situation..so.. lets get over that lol!

I had a shrimp roll with crunchy tempura on top with 3 side sauces, sweet chilli, a peanut flavored one ( wasn't feeling this) and the Spicy mayo (My favorite). The workers are really dope and friendly, and walked me through the whole process of choosing veggies, wraps, meat etc. I was pretty full after my meal and would def be back whenever I'm in the area.. too bad I don't work downtown anymore, this place would be real convenient and has a great return factor

4 STARS**
Great fast food concept that is referred to as the "subway" for sushi as it relates to the ordering and assembly process. The process is easy and just like Subway you can design your own meal or select from one of the standard items on the menu. The quality of the product is quite good - the tuna looked exceptionally fresh during my visit so that's what I had. Outside of their menu items, you can design your own roll by selecting your preferred wrap, rice, three veggies, one protein and any sauce/topping you want (some toppings cost extra). The staff was very friendly and even shared some upcoming possible changes that may be happening - Deep fried tempura rolls. Yum! They also offer beer, sake, and Mochi Ice Cream. 

The best part is they are open till 10pm, Mon-Sat. This is awesome!
First found out about this place through the yelp app for hot new local places and after reading about this place, I was stoked and wanted to try it out for it being a sushi version of subway/chipotle.

When I got there everything inside was pretty nice and green, the staff were all very nice - the sushi is what it is. The sushi is basically average quality and is for those that are on-the-go and need it quick than waiting at a typical sushi shop. The more items that you add onto it is going to add up of course and it will all depend if you know your sushi on what sauce you want to add on there to suit your likings. 

Overall, it is a good place but it's not something I would crave for and rush there but more like if I'm in the area and not feeling other fast food joints.
For three and a half years we've lived in the Valley, and for three and a half years we've searched for the sort of reasonably priced, fresh sushi was had frequent access to in Portland. Some places are phenomenal but bankroll-busting (Roka Akor). Some places are decent, but you're still overpaying (Stingray, Ra, everywhere else I've gone).

How Do You Roll? is a horribly-named chain out of Austin. It's the Chipotle of sushi, where you pick the ingredients, and some guy who looks like he belongs at Chipotle or Starbucks puts it together for you, and there are all kinds of options. It's disconcerting. Everything about this place seems like it'll suck.

But you know what? It's pretty damn good. I'm not saying this is the best sushi in town. I'm not even saying it's as good as somewhere like Stingray (which, as I mentioned, isn't all that great, either). But it's close, and you get what you want. And the best part? You don't feel like you're getting gouged. It doesn't even feel like going out.

I'm convinced How Do You Roll? is going to be a gamechanger. It's going to draw Americans to sushi who wouldn't have considered it otherwise. It'll be an affordable way for sushi lovers to get their fix. There's plenty to balk at (again, that name is AWFUL), but this is our new sushi default in the Valley.

ADDENDUM: After a third visit, some cracks showed. The seaweed wrap was doubled up or something, and became obnoxiously chewy. Then our cashier charged us for eight meats instead of four, and it took quite some time to remedy the situation. Also, I've got the feeling they're masking the taste of the sushi with sauce. (This is not a place for sashimi or nigiri.) Anyway, we'll try again, but I was scared off a bit. Fortunately, if my wife's craving it, there's always Five Guys, Chipotle and Jersey Mike's nearby if I'm in the mood for something else.
I was getting married on 2-29-2012. And we wanted something that was quick and easy and near our wedding location. My now husband suggested we go to how you roll. I'm not a sushi person. But I was willing to try it. The staff was very helpful and understood I didn't like sushi, so they suggested some veggie rolls! The soy seaweed, rolled inside-out with white rice, strawberries, cream cheese and jalapenos. It was so good!  
So we got it catering for our wedding, and everyone ate everything!  The whole staff was so nice, and said we were the first ones to have catering! 
Thank you "HDYR" for your suggestions and for your amazing work!
One night, I was futzing around on Yelp and came across this new place.  There were a lot of good reviews, so I went out the next day on a mission to try this place and review it, too!

While the location is great (across the way from SideBar), the parking kind of sucks, but I found a spot eventually (it was also lunch time on a weekday, so that's probably my bad).  I met a friend there, and we were eager to see what all the hype was about.  

Basically, everyone is right!  It's like Chipotle or Subway, but with sushi!  What a great concept!!!  You can choose white or brown rice with either soy skin (which I thought sounded effing gross) or the traditional seaweed (way better!) and then you can pick three veggies (anything additional is 50 cents more) and you can add meat(s) for a little extra, too.  I opted for the seaweed with brown rice and added avocado, cukes, sprouts and asparagus to it.  It was quite a nice little green roll, if I do say so myself (and I do).  They take the roll and put it in this nifty roll cutter, and out comes 10 perfectly cut sushi pieces.  Then as you move closer to the register, they ask if you'd like any toppings (crispy tempura, roe, sesame seeds, etc.)  They have all kinds of sauces: ponzu, soy, teriyaki glaze, sweet chili, sriracha, eel, and maybe more that I can't remember. You can also grab a bowl of miso soup or some edamame just in case you want a little something extra.  When I went to pay, my rolls were only about 4 dollars plus my drink= 6 dollar meal.  Woo!  When you go to the condiment bar, it's full of ginger and wasabi and two big iced tea pitchers and then two more that are full of ponzu and soy sauce.  It was awesome and I was in condiment heaven!!  I grabbed some of the hibiscus tea and was ready to go.  The roll was soo delicious and the tea was surprisingly good.  I went back for more, and grabbed a roll to go for my woman and a cucumber salad (they also have a squid salad and a seaweed salad).  All in all, my expectations were met and then some and my friend really enjoyed her meal, as well.

The food was great, the staff was friendly and helpful (they saw the look on my face as I walked up and totally knew I didn't know what I was doing), they explained how everything worked and made my experience that much better.

Can't wait to come back!
I will start by saying this place does not have AMAZING sushi BUT they do have good sushi that is cheap, convenient and has a kitschy set up. The BF works right across the street from this place and he has brought the sushi home a couple times. I like that I can have a choice in what I have in my sushi including brown rice and many different veggies that are fairly fresh. I can't speak for the fish, as I don't eat fish, but I have had a roll from here with chicken in it and it was kind of bland...not worth the extra money. Although the sushi is just ok, I like that it is fast and inexpensive and the rolls they give you are large and plenty big enough for a meal. I will be back here for sure.
I really like this idea. Like many other reviewers, I like being able to have my choice of fillings for my sushi. I want a weird combination of veggies with no fish or meat; at How Do you Roll? - DONE. 

For only having veggies inside of my roll, I wish it would have been a little cheaper, but it was filling and tasty. In total, I had a make-your-own-roll (veggie), seaweed salad, and medium drink. It was $9. And I was definitely satisfied afterwards. Could I have eaten another roll? Yeah, probably. But I didn't, and my stomach was still very happy.
We saw this place was coming months ago and have been excited to try it out. The staff is friendly and realizes you don't have a clue about how it works. You can choose ready-made rolls OR make your own! 

You choose soy skin paper or traditional seaweed wrap (nom), white or brown rice and move onto choosing veggies/meats/etc. I'm a vegetarian so was glad to see their veggie rolls were really affordable: $3.97 (for 3 veggies - this selection includes tons of fresh veggies and their cream cheese/fried soy skins/sweet egg) - and anything over 3 choices is only $.50 extra. I got two rolls and a tea for $10. Not bad!

They have every sauce imaginable and some fun toppers, as well. I wish I had seen that they have seaweed/cucumber salad ($2.50) and miso soups! They are filling and cheap and delicious! Is it the best sushi in the valley? No, but they give me options and it's visually appealing. Next time getting a roll with a side of seaweed salad and miso soup! Yum! Definitely coming back.
Having lived in Tokyo, our family knows when a sushi roll is A sushi roll. We finally tried How Do You Roll and we loved it!  Not only is the sushi good, but the whole concept is awesome.  It is pretty much like going to Subway or Chipotle.  You go in to the counter, choice of white or brown rice, choice of traditional nori or soy, then there is a wide range of fillings and you get to choose what you want in your roll including toppings! For the squeamish eaters especially when it comes to raw fish, you can have a roll made with cooked beef or chicken or just a veggie roll.  What a great idea!  Sides of edamame or miso soup is available and cucumber salad, etc. plus choices of ponzu or shoyu, ginger, and of course they have wasabi!  Prices?  Truly reasonable, way cheaper than going to a regular sushi bar.  Cons?  Servers need to change gloves more often especially when shrimp is involved.  I am hypersensitive to shrimp and my ears were itchy after eating at this place.  Perhaps the customer before me ordered a sushi roll with shrimp.  Another con?  Sushi roll is served on plastic plates lined with paper...  C'mon people.  Can't you guys do better than this?  All in all, I would go back though and ask for the server to put on a new pair of gloves though!
Staff was great, food was very fresh. BUT the rice comes in preformed squares that are packed tightly. That makes for a bit of a chewy roll. I like my sushi rolls light and fluffy, I wouldn't go again although it is probably the best fast-food sushi I've had -- much better than what you would buy prepackaged at a market.
I went to HDYR today for lunch, Ordered up a seaweed, white rice, cream cheese, sprout, asparagus, with spicy tuna roll and covered in spicy mayo, my mother and brother also ordered rolls, my brother Is pretty picky when it comes to food, and I never heard him complain about his rolls once. Is the quality the greatest, no its not, but when you consider the concept for this place its a place for many people to be introduced to sushi, to make it quick, and make it affordable, I think the quality lives up to anyone with reasonable expectations, and for my meal to be $9 with a coke it was pretty reasonable, also get the combo not just a soda, soda is $1.80, combo is $1.95. 

We tried the green tea and vanilla Mochi, not sure I'm a huge fan of the rice coating on the outside. 

I ordered a seaweed, white rice, cream cheese, asparagus, avocado, and unagi roll to go for dinner, and I swear I can hear it calling my name right now. 

I think it would be pretty cool for this place to maybe teach sushi making once a month or so for a small fee, have people pay $10-$15 and show them how to roll sushi and make their own right in the store, I'd sign up!
Not too shabby for fast food sushi
This was decent sushi at a reasonable price and super quick (especially for sushi) service.  I love the concept and wish I had the funds to invest in this franchise and open one up in our home area.  If there is ever a HDYR opened around me, I will be a frequent customer.
I am a fan of primarily sashimi, not rolls, but have heard good things about this place.  To quote a friend, "it is Chipotle style, but sushi rolls."  They were correct, except I have never been greeted by a friendly staff at Chipotle.

The opposite was true at How Do You Roll, we were greeted with a "Hello how are you today, is this your first time in?"  They walked us through all of our options and explained every combo we could make.  They have 6 standard rolls and an option to build your own.  They also have a small selection of alcohol to accompany your decision.

My wife and I had the "Slammin' Salmon" and "3 Alarm Roll" and were not disappointed.  We also had the calamari salad, which is the same as any other sushi joint in the valley.  I was surprised how impressed I was by the food and counter service.  I will definitely be back.  

If you build your own roll on your first visit be prepared for them banging the gong.
This place is great! Tons of options, super clean, and the staff is really friendly! The menu and concept  can be a little overwhelming for the first time customer so the staff is amazing in walking you through everything and explaining. We will be back for sure!
Reading some of the other reviews, I feel like I must have eaten at a different restaurant. I order two spicy tuna rolls with brown rice. Both had zero flavor and could have been molded from Elmer's paste instead of fish. 

Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Seems like a good concept.
great addition to the neighborhood.  surprisingly delicious sushi.  very friendly and clean.
I love that they've built up this little corner with some places to get a quick bite.  HDYR is very clean and the staff is friendly.  The have like 4-5 basic rolls to choose from or select your own ingredients.  I'm a very indecisive person so this place isn't good for me- I dont know what the hell I want in a roll so I just ordered a Philly, it was on par with the rolls you can grab at the grocery store deli. Nothing special.
I wanna try this place because they care enough to read and respond to reviews. YELP has a huge influence on where me and my family eat. Way to go in the customer service department!
I had avoided this place for a bit because I didn't want to be standing there in line going "Uh...Ummm...Uhh..." and not be able to decide on what I wanted.
When I finally decided to take the plunge I was pleasantly surprised to find it was very easy to order what I wanted.

My roll was the bomb. 
Big tip? Cilantro is like bacon, it belongs on everything. Enough said. Try it out, it's rather yummy!
Interesting concept, its like a chipotle but for sushi.

I would give this place a 2.5, there weren't a lot of variety to "make" your sushi compared to the restaurants that you order from the menus. I think to enjoy this place you should really know what goes well in a sushi roll. Mine came out to be not as flavorful as I would have liked while a friend's came out really well. I guess it all depends on what you put into your sushi roll. I also ordered the California roll, all it had was imitation crab stick, cucumbers, and avocado. Don't order it. It was very plain! I've had better California rolls...

Another negative thing that stood out was what they called "tempura" which you could top if off on your sushi roll, it looked like rice krispies and it tasted like rice krispies. Avoid using that as your topping.
I've visited a few times now, and have no complaints. I do appreciate how fast the service is - it's hard to plan on sushi on the way to work, as it's usually a lingering meal for me - but I can go into How Do You Roll 15 minutes before work, get a couple rolls to go and still punch in on time. That's a definite plus!

With all the restaurants sharing a small parking lot, the parking can be a bit insane at peak times. Happily - my work schedule is far from normal, and I'm not anywhere at peak meal times!

The food is fresh, staff friendly and informative, and this provides a great alternative to fried fast food or tired subs.

That said - I enjoy the soup/salad/breadsticks at Olive Garden, but I don't confuse it for real Italian food. I will grab grub at Taco Bell in a pinch, but I don't confuse it for real Mexican food. How Do You Roll is a nice change of pace, but I would not confuse it for real sushi.
This was good and fun.  It was a nice place to go as a family and not very expensive.

However, we enjoy making sushi at home and that is an even cheaper option.  Head over to Ranch Market at the Chinese Cultural Center.  Pick up a rice cooker, Japanese Calrose Rice, Sushi Vinegar, seaweed, all the veggies you want and sushi grade fish of your choice.  Don't forget a bottle of sake for $4.85.  Our family of 5 can have all you can eat sushi and all you can drink sake (for the adults) and it only costs $20 at home.

Okay, back to HDYR.... The menu has 6 featured roll choices ranging from $5.95 - $9.95.  The funnest thing though is to choose your own.  #1 You Choose Your Wrap & Rice- seaweed is $3.95 per roll and soy paper is $4.95 per roll.  Your choice of white or brown rice for free.  You can choose up to 3 "veggies" to go in the roll.  Choices are: Asparagus, Avocado, Baby Spinach, Cream Cheese, Cucumber, Green Onions, Jalapenos, Sprouts, Egg, Tofu Skin, Seasonal Fruits & Seasonal Veggies.  If you want to add a meat to your sushi roll it is an additional $1.95 (for beef or chicken or crabsticks) up to $2.95 (for freshwater eel, shrimp or seasonal fish).  Some toppings like chili powder, sesame seeds and cilantro are free.  Others cost money ranging from 99c (crunchy tempura & smelt egg) up to $3 for some seasonal offerings.  Sauces on top are free- creamy miso, ponzu, spicy mayo, teriyaki, japanese mayo, sesame chili oil, sweet chili and wasabi mayo.  All sushi rolls are 10 pieces. 

HDYR also has salads- cucumber, seaweed and calamari.  edamame and miso soup.  For dessert you could get mochi ice cream for $3.

Drinks are tea/soda/water/japanese soda as well as beer, wine and sake.

They do have a kids meal for $3.99.  This includes a 5 piece junior roll OR beef or chicken teriyaki bowl with edamamae or a fruit cup, kids drink and a toy.

My kids wanted a full size 10 piece veggie roll for $3.95 and a bowl of miso soup for 99c and a free cup of water with lemon.  I felt that was a better value for us.
This place was really good and very affordable. I love that I can make my own roll because I am super picky and they have lots choices too. The place was very clean and service was friendly and fast. I will be back here for sure when I have a craving for sushi.
I really like this place! I've been wanting something like this to open for years, and now it's right around he corner! I'm a huge sushi fan, but I rarely have enough time during the week to stop and get any... Until now! This place is exactly what you'd hope for in a fast food sushi joint- helpful, friendly staff, good variety, good prices, and a clean dining space. I admit the whole make your own thing can be a little intimidating at first, just order one of their features rolls to get yourself started, then take off the training wheels on your next visit. You pick white or brown rice, meats, up to three veggies, and whatever sauces you want. The possibilities are endless! I've eaten enough sushi to know generally what works together, so I've been pretty happy with what I've come up with so far. The rolls are tasty and filling, and their traditional sides are great if you're super hungry. The only complaints I have are that the fish can be a little bland (even the so called 'spicy'), so you pretty much need to add a sauce of some kind. And some slices of fresh jalapeño! The parking lot is also a nightmare during weekday lunch hour, but I still think its worth it.
It's pretty cool that you get to make your very own special rolls, with toppings & sauces and you get to make a "meal" out of your personal order. However, the price is a little steep for this "fast food" environment! For prices like this, I expect a server, a menu and a little more atmosphere then their "subway" look. Toppings are priced as add on's so be sure you know what you're getting & be clear on the added price of each topping. Other than that, it's a pretty cool place, I would visit it again IF I had too.
the fun of building your own sushi, without the hassle of cutting those tiny strips of cucumber & then #$%(ing up your roll b/c you don't have a sharp enough knife to cut it! or maybe that's just me?

at any rate, had a great experience with the kiddos & sis tonight. we all got our own rolls made just the way we like them :)  ok amount of veggie options, bummer the miso is made with tuna broth (WTF?). but as I vegan I had no problem finding plenty to fill my belly.

there have already been many comparisons to Chipotle & Subway- yes, it is true! 

dinner for all 5 of us, including cucumber salad, seaweed salad & edamame, was about $40!
This is a very poor implementation of a great idea. I have eaten pre-packaged grocery store sushi which tasted better than this! If you really want to roll your own sushi there are plenty of instructional videos on Youtube. Otherwise, there are plenty of other sushi restaurants priced similarly, which deliver a much superior product.
What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
Great concept! Choose your rice (white or brown), soy or seaweed wrap, 3 veggies, and one protein. Then they roll it for you. Add toppings or sauces after it's sliced for you. Try it!
Love , Love, Love this place...
It was so-so. This place is basically the Chipotle of sushi. The Philly roll has way too much cream cheese and wants for something crunchy to balance the soft textures of the avocado, salmon and cream cheese. I will probably come back if only so that I can try my hand at a custom roll and see how that turns out.
It was a 1st date, and he picked the place, told me we were headed out to get some sushi, and I was like yea! Love me some sushi! We got to How Do You Roll, and I thought, wow what a cute name, but then stepped inside and saw it meant literality how do you roll, like what do you like for your rolls, Now me being a new person of sushi only know how to order of the menu of rolls put together, so I felt dumb not knowing what to make, thanks HDYR haha , time for me to start learning so that when I come back the next time I will sound like a pro!

We ordered the Philly Roll, which was salmon, avocado & cream cheese, it was good and tasty I liked it!
 
Also ordered the Slamming Salmon Roll, had salmon, jalapenos, cream cheese, strawberries covered in sauce. Now who would have thought salmon and strawberries & jalapenos would work, but omg they do! This was a great roll! And it started giving me ideas for other rolls! It had heat & a sweet taste; I think it was my fav roll! 

Last roll we ordered was the 3 Alarm Roll, it was spicy tuna, cucumber & avocado and topped with sauces, this one also packed some heat, but I was blown away with the Slamming Salmon Roll, I think it stole the show!

So now I will do some sushi making homework before I venture back, but I will be headed back for sure!
I love the concept of this place! I agree with one of the reviewers below that it is the "Chipotle" of sushi, so if you're looking for something authentic this is not the place for you. The reason why I'm a fan is because I love being able to create different combinations with the ingredients that I like, they have a ton of options and they have quality fish. I come here when I'm craving something not too heavy and healthy, and don't want to break the bank on authentic sushi.
The fish that they use is pretty decent.  It's not the freshest, but for the price it's definitely not bad.  I love the concept of this place, and the staff is really pleasant and patient.  What was a big selling point for me was all of the gluten free options.  Their menu is clearly labeled, and all of the soy sauce is gluten free as well.  The person behind the counter also was sure to verify any ingredients that he wasn't sure of instead of simply guessing.  I was very impressed.  And the total for my hubby and I?  under $20.
I Come here all the time, the service was excellent! Fast, friendly and efficient. The food is ALWAYS fresh. The atmosphere is very relaxed, the restaurant is VERY clean. 

I have AND will continue recommending this establishment to my companions.
I rolled on in for my first time for lunc today and nowI really have mixed fellings. 

My Roll did taste good, but anything covered in spicy mayo would. 

I like the brown rice, but the complete lack of artisan craftmanship with the rice, icrean scoops used for fish and cutting leave me unimpressed.

My real quandry is when it comes to value. ~7 for a sushi roll is not a bad price (or a great one) but for lunch $7 for a seat your self type place is on par however one sushi roll is not really filling enough for me.  Thus the 3 stars based on my ability to feel full after a roll + miso soup (.99).

Service ws fast friendly and helpful. I liked the idea of soy sauce in a iced tea like despencer. 

If you are not too hungry, and want a fast lunch that can be somewhat healthy give this place a try.
I have to admit, walking in to this place was almost like a dream come true. 

The only down-side was being plagued with the loud voice in my head screaming "why didn't I think of this?"

Seriously. 

You can customize your roll to be exactly what you want, no matter how silly or slight. Pricing isn't too steep, either. Now let's make a roll...

Want to go traditional with white rice and nori? No problem. Oh, you like brown rice? No problem. Want soy paper instead? No problem. 

Now pick some veggies. Don't like avocado? DON'T CHOOSE THAT THEN. Don't want any veggies? YOU DON'T HAVE TO GET THEM (this aint your mama's roll)!

Hate the crab and mayo mix? SKIP IT. Pick WHATEVER YOU LIKE (salmon, tuna, spicy or not, egg, cream cheese, go nuts people)!

Do what YOU want. Smile. Be happy. Watch it all happen in front of your very eyes... 

THEN!

It gets rolled up tightly and sliced. 

Now you can add sauce or "toppings" (I do sort of feel like this term should change). They even have some custom sauces! 

I mean, the only thing missing here was for someone to feed me the rolls. 

Seriously. 

It is a casual atmosphere but it feels hip. Would be nice if there was a bar nearby- oh wait, there is! Across the street. Would be nice to drink on the patio though... This is how the only got four stars out of me.

Great. Now I wish I lived in the neighborhood. 

Well, time to start house shopping. Or maybe I should just open a franchise...
It's the fast food of sushi... In a good way! Delicious, cheap and fast! You can't go wrong!
I moved to Phoenix about a month ago and was dying for some sushi, I didn't even care from where! Boy I was lucky to find this place. It's like a Subway... but sushi. Choose from a soy or seaweed wrap, pick brown or white rice, and decide on your fillins'. It's nothing hardcore or odd either, which can be nice... you know exactly what you're getting in your roll. My favorite is the Philly roll w/ the smoked salmon. It's quick, it's easy, it's relatively cheap. The restaurant is cute to eat in or outside is a little patio. Staff is very friendly and the place is typically clean (thank you!!!!) I would definitely recommend it to friends and coworkers. I go there about once a week for lunch. I'd be super excited if there was a lunch special that included miso or edamame for the same price as one roll, but it's whatever... and I'll still go back, so really they win. But go ahead and try it, it's nice for a quick sushi run to satisfy that craving.
The Subway of SUSHI! That pretty much says it all.  And its just as fast!

PICK YOUR
+ Wrap: Seaweed or Soy
+ Rice: White or Brown 
+ Veggies: Avocado, Cucumber, Asparagus, Tamago (Egg), Sprouts, the list goes on
+ Meats: Beef, Chicken (I know crazy huh) Salmon, Smoked Salmon, Tuna, Ebi (Shrimp), Unagi, the list goes on

If you are lazy to customize your roll, you can hand pick from a fixed menu, not as many though.  Another option is to turn it into a bowl instead of a roll! Hey that rhymed! Just as delicious! An average meal will run you about $9.

They do have a condiments area where you can self pour a small cup of soy sauce and unlimited ginger and wasabi.  Go nuts I say! :P
Awesome place for really good sushi. Friendly staff and always fast.
Really didn't want to like this Subway-owned chain...who's ever heard of fast food sushi?  But I had to try.  Granted, I have NOT tried the meat/fish here.  I wouldn't.  But the make your own veggie rolls...OMG.  Finally I can get a roll with tofu, sprouts, and mango in it...or jalapeño, avocado, tofu....or sprouts, spinach, and avocado with sesame on top...you get the picture.  I LOVE vegetarian sushi.  LOVE that I can have it built my way.  LOVE that I don't get charged a fortune for it!!!!!
I am actually surprised that this place has gotten so many four and five star reviews. This was okay for on-the-go sushi, but I felt that for the quality it was overpriced. I would much rather have great than sub-par sushi.

We went on a Friday night and ordered a Philly roll, the 3 Alarm roll, and a custom roll, plus a serving of edamame. For all the rolls, they use pre-shaped rice sheets that are a bit dry and chewy. This just made eating the sushi pieces more of a workout for the mouth than it probably should be.

The Philly roll was alright; it was made with salmon, cream cheese, cucumber, and, surprisingly, avocado. This was actually the best tasting out of the three rolls we bought, even though there was nothing special about it. My boyfriend ate the 3 Alarm roll and said he was disappointed with lack of spice in a supposedly spicy roll.

I'm not sure I would try this place again since we could easily get better quality sushi at cheaper prices during happy hour elsewhere.
I love the concept of this place! Another reviewer called it a Subway for sushi, and it's a good one. I think I called it Chipotle for sushi, which isn't very far off either. 

It's a cute little place- you go in, line up, and a row of tv screens tells you how it is their business works. The staff, too, are very nice and make sure to ask if you've been there before and understand how it works. 

Basically, it's a build your own sushi roll bar. You can order a premade roll, or you have a certain number of options you can choose when it comes to making your own roll. You can use seaweed or soy paper, white or brown rice, and x number of veggies and meat toppings. 

I wasn't keen on a roll, so I wound up getting a bowl (which is very much like chirashi! And I LOVE chirashi!) I got white rice, topped it with cucumbers, avocadoes, and cream cheese. (You get up to 3 'veggie' toppings in a certain selection.) I then had half and half spicy salmon and smoked salmon for my meat, and topped it with masago, because I love killing tiny little fish babies when I eat. I loved their selection of toppings, they had everything from kewpie mayo to creamy miso. 

It was really all quite good. I'd say 3.5 stars rounded down to 3. The rice was so so- I rather wish they had fresh rice out of a cooker instead of preportioned, flattened between paper rice. It still sort of held that shape when I started eating my bowl, which wasn't very convenient. I love the selection of ingredients, and I love that you could mix and do half and half for your fish. I love love that they had tamago and the types of sauces that they had. And for all that I DID get, with all the extra stuff I put on it, my bowl came up to about $10. Not bad at all. 

It's a neat place, go check it out and go again. Don't expect world class sushi, but it's fresh, inexpensive, and not subway. They're generous with their ingredients, the staff is nice and friendly and it's a great concept. Just note that parking also gets a bit hairy- it's a tiny lot they share with a lot of other businesses.
I originally considered the food here just a notch above grocery store sushi.  But this was during opening week and things have improved since then.

The calamari salad is a great deal.  The rolls are nice but found that they are challenged in cooking brown rice properly.  But who isn't?  

Nothing bad but nothing great.  If you are looking for a quick, decent priced sushi fix this is your place.

PS: Forget about parking at lunch time.  Smallest lot in the world for 6 restaurants.
This is a really cool place or sushi!  I went by myself one day and ordered one roll and was so happy that I could custom make the roll anyway I wanted.  The rolls are actually really big.

I like this place and will return!
I really like coming here - it's my go-to "let's go somewhere fun!" place. Their pricing is really fair (even if I do wish the seaweed salad were cheaper), and I really enjoy the experience. The serving staff is always friendly, and it's a really great place to go for a quick lunch that will break up the sandwich monotony of everyday life.

Also, How Do You Roll? is a GoodDining participating restaurant, so there's the added bonus that when I go, a portion of my sale goes to my favorite charity! Woo!

A quick note on parking: there is a private lot, but it is a tiny one shared with about 6 other restaurants. I would NOT recommend trying to hit this place up at the lunch hour as it will be a major headache.
I went here in October (sorry for the late review!). I can be a pain when it comes to my sushi order, because I don't like roe, or the california roll stuffing thats pretty standard for many different rolls.

I ordered an avacado roll, cucumber roll, rainbow roll, and I asked if they had sweet potato or yam and they said they did (on the phone). We got this all take out, the service was friendly, but it was pretty busy, so not super fast, which is to be expected.

I got the two veggie rolls, they did not have sweet potato at all, and the cost to make a rainbow roll would have been around $30 or more so I didn't get it. 

All of the roll fillings are a la carte, so the more you want, the more expensive it gets. Sadly, the rice was also so overdone it was more like a paste, and had way too much rice vinegar. I could barely eat two rolls before it was just too much for me to handle. The rolls were gigantic though. My eyes were bigger than my stomach, which sucks because sushi does not keep well. 

By the way, if you ever come across a place that serves sweet potato rolls, esp tempura ones, get them. They are absolutely amazing. I've only found them in Vancouver, BC.
My daughter was in the hospital and everyday all she wanted was sushi! I am not very familiar with Phoenix or good sushi restaurants so I went to my phone for help. This restaurant was on the way to the hospital so I thought I would give it a try. It wasn't quite what I expected. Kind of like a sushi "subway" restaurant.  I ordered a shrimp tempura roll and a salmon roll. I am going to have to agree with Marc that it is a step above grocery store sushi.

The service was eh and the food was ok....But probably not somewhere I would go back to.
Stopped in on a date night a few months back, and I was pretty pleased with the options.  It was late in the evening and I was glad to see so many fresh veggies, and the staff was super friendly (I always walk away from a dining experience happier when the employees are friendly and chatty, treat me like a friend, not a paycheck).  I've never been a huge sushi fan, but occasionally I get a hankering for it, and this really hit the spot (their sauces are super yummy, too).  I definitely want to go back.  It's location right across the street from Sidebar doesn't hurt, either.
So, it's not high brow sushi.  So what!  As an alternative to chipotle, 5 guys, rando sandwich shop - this place is a real winner.   Sure, it's designed for the American palette but with a sharp inviting interior, free wifi, and decent beer choices this place is a decent quick service alternative.  I'll be back.
Super fun concept, but needs a few tiny tweaks.  The fruit option (mango) wasn't ripe and it messed with my roll.  They told me that their eel sauce is called teriyaki here... what?  Whatever, it still tasted good!  The service was friendly and helpful, especially as I toted a couple of messy kids in with me.  Looking forward to a return visit in the future.
This is a great concept, I enjoyed coming here and will be back.
It really is like the Subway of sushi here!  You go to the counter, order your wrapping (Seaweed or soy), and customize vegetables, meats, spices, and sauces before it's wrapped, and then cut in their special multi-cutting machine.  For sides, they offer selections such as miso soup or edamame, and you can make it a combo with side and drink for a little over $2.  They also offer a selection of non custom rolls for those don't feel like making their own.

I got a salmon roll (They offer spicy, smoked, and regular raw versions here) with asparagus, green onion, and avocado.  It was a huge portion, and I was definitely full after just 1 roll.  I upgraded by getting a combo, and the miso soup was light, and not too salty.  The quality of the roll itself: decent.  The rice was a little mushy, but the veggies and salmon tasted OK.  My friend had the 3 alarm roll, and it looked out of this world good!  It was topped with so much sauce and spicy ingredients that she could only finish about half of it.  

Parking can be very difficult if you come here around lunchtime.  I had to circle around the block twice before luck was on my side and a spot opened up.  

Service was very friendly, and they were very patient as they explained the concept of the restaurant to me since I was a neophyte here.  

I'd probably go here again to try out another roll, but probably at a less busy time.  It's a cool concept to create your own roll, for a pretty reasonable price.
Everyone on Yelp is right, this place is great. It's fast, fresh, and affordable. I created a roll filled with everything I like, and so I loved it. I got: white rice, seaweed, spicy salmon, green onion, cucumber, masago, chili oil, and sweet chili's. Since I decide what went in it, I controlled the calories. My sister got one of their bowls. We were both really happy with our orders.
The workers here were very helpful on explaining the concept &prices. It's good quality for the price I'm paying. A roll is equivalent to 10 pieces, which is a little bit more than what you would normally get served every where else. Definitely will be coming back!
You would think that the idea of "fast food" sushi would send you running for the hills, but that is certainly not the case with this concept. It is clean, simple, and the quality is consistent. The only reason for four stars is that a very large portion of going out for sushi is the experience and trying new things. How do you roll is just for getting your fix without all the fluff and stuff. If you want to try something different for lunch and you are in a hurry you can be in and out of here in 15 minutes (that is including time to nosh). Definitely out of the ordinary and definitely worth a try.
Super easy, fast, and healthy. I also like the general vitality of the building and neighboring restaurants. Finally, dessert at neighboring Zoyo rules.
Started off being a favorite, however the service has gone down hill fast!!  There are two male  workers named Daniel and Peter and are absolutely horrible. One of them was so busy cruising the female customers and staring at their bodies and the other one was incredibly rude and condescending. 

There are plenty of other restaurants around the area that provide much better service.
All I'm going to say is why didn't I think of this... is not like going to AH-SO or RAW, but for fast sushi it works.  Food was good, serving size plenty.  What I would change, is parking, and maybe having some of the people working there, working a little harder to keep the place looking clean.  Also the staff needs to act like they like working, , be more grateful they have a job. and parking, did I say that already??? OH heck, so hard to find parking, forget lunch time unless you have 2 hours to spend.
Get This.

My boyfriend and I passed by How Do You Roll? And oooh. Shark Tank....
after a massive dinner of insane Mexican Food.

We were stuffed but since I'm from CA and was leaving AZ the next day...I had to. I Just Had To. 

It was like a Chipotle of Sushi..or a Subway of Sushi....

I was excited about the concept. It was indeed one of a kind.

You pick your wrap... and they slap on white or brown rice...which was already pre-made and square.... put in your fillings...pick your meat.. cooked or raw... pick a sauce..and off it goes to the sushi roll cutter...pick more sauce..and then toppings... and WHALA... your SUSHI ROLL is SERVED....

I don't know...it's like settling for something and losing the authenticity and the art of making real sushi...

The raw fish cuts were a bit on the smaller side.. 

They only have the common raw fishes.. No Uni.. no Toro...
You can't have Raw rish to be topped on your maki.

I dunno.. It was a good experience for me.. and that was that... nothing more.
My husband and I were visiting family in AZ and decided to try this place on a whim (we were headed someplace else but went here instead).  The food was quite good and tasted fresh.  I dig the concept and wish we had one in DC!  

I will say that the staff was kind of odd..not bad, but maybe just slightly awkward.  But there were other staff members in the restaurant at the time who were quite friendly.  

We'd definitely come here again when we're back in the area.
So.....my wife saw this place on "Shark Tank" and she wanted to try it.  She is a picky eater and usually will not eat sushi or anything like that (she is pretty much anti fish stuff).  She read that they will make a roll with chicken in it so we decided to come here after my burger.  I was pretty full from my burger but I asked myself, "Tim...when are you ever going to eat sushi in Phoenix again"?  I answered myself, "Probably never".  Might as well order a roll. This place is like an assembly line of sushi ordering.  You tell them what you want in it, they put it in, roll it, cut it up and serve it to you.  Very fast and efficient.   So here is what I got................

I went with a seaweed wrapper with white rice.  To that I added avocado, green onion, jalapeno and shrimp.  They will usually drizzle a sauce on top but I decided to get mine on the side in a cup.  I went with the sweet chili sauce.  My wife got seaweed wrapper, white rice, cucumber, avocado and chicken.  She got hers drizzled with teriyaki sauce.  Total for 2 rolls was just over $13.00.

My roll was very good!  I'm not a big sushi fan and if I eat it, I will usually puss out and get California rolls and stuff like that.  My combo of shrimp, avocado, green onion and jalapeno was a winner though.  The avocado made it creamy, the green onion made it fresh, the jalapeno made it spicy, the shrimp made it cool and the sweet chili sauce made it hot.  I don't know if I could have picked a better combo for my things.  My wife absolutely loved hers.  It was exactly what she expected and she says it was a 5 star joint in her book.

Service was friendly and efficient!  I would definitely go back again if they ever made one in San Diego.
very interesting....

Its good but not wonderful. its perfect for your in a rush sushi craving... Basically this place is subway but with sushi. You can build your own rolls or pick from one of their signature rolls. I always make my own (adds a little more fun to the experience) 

The fish itself is pretty fresh but not the best,  I would be curious to know where they get their fish from and if its frozen before. I do like the fact they give you a choice of brown or white rice (pre-made which kinda weirded me out) you can also pick from soy paper, seaweed (the usual) and rice paper. they have several different veggies to choose from as well as Saki (mmmmmmm my favorite) The rolls are decent in size so that was a plus, but I was taken back when I ordered edamame and it was cold. The ginger also threw me off (it looked like pink fake ginger) I loved the fact they have Ponzu and Soy sauce (low-sodium and regular) basically on tap. 

I'm a huge fan of sesame seed and when I asked the girl for "a ton of sesame seeds" on the inside and out she had no problem doing that and there was no extra charge.

The staff here obviously gets the same questions over and over again and new people all the time because the couple times I've been in they have all been very friendly and have no problem explaining the process of things.

I'll be coming back for my quick fix soon.
Tried How Do You Roll? Sushi a few days ago and I truly enjoyed my experience. Fresh ingredients, great spot for lunch, fair prices, and quick!  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some good lunch time sushi.
This place is perfect for anyone who needs a quick sushi fix that is easy on the wallet. You can basically decide what goes inside of your sushi roll. So a little bit of creativity will be helpful here. 

Pick your rice, brown or white. Pick your three veggies. And pick your meat. If you are drawing blank and have no idea, don't worry. They do have a small menu with some roll ideas. 

We chose two rolls off of the menu and made one of our own. They all turned out pretty good. You can get sauces on the side. Wasabi and ginger are placed next to the drink fountains. 

One idea for improvement would be to get rid of those small packaged soy sauces and have bottled soy sauce on the tables or next to everything else. Those little soy sauce packages are annoying, make a mess, and make you feel like you just got sushi from Smiths or Walmart.
Ok this is NOT a dinner out for sushi (or at least that's what my date told me :)), but it is pretty awesome for getting a quick sushi fix without refinancing the house. The concept is cool, simple, and affordable. Think subway meets Ra sushi. I really like the options of brown rice and soy paper which more and more sushi restaurants are adapting to, it makes you feel like you are REALLY eating healthy....right up until you tell them to add cream cheese :). This concept is something I had always thought should exist, but had never seen before until 7th Ave and Mcdowell fast casual plaza opened up and low and behold...viola fast food sushi. They even have options for saki, edamame on the fly, and mochi ice cream. I have been here about 20 times so far and it has been consistently good each time. Check it out if you want to do quick and easy sushi or if you just want to grab something to go.
I've been getting into sushi a lot more lately. It's not really something I ever craved before, or considered as a food option, but that's changing. 

A colleague of mine had reccomended this place to me. I was in the area for lunch and decided that I would check it out. 

I really don't know what I was expecting, but when I walked in that was it. It reminded me of a fast-food place. No big deal. I walk up and start to order. It kind of reminds me of Subway. You know, how you can customize your own stuff? 

Anyway, I'm still a newbie and not as adventurous when it comes to sushi. So I ordered the Cali rolls. Very good! A lot of sushi for a reasonable price. 

It's no Kabuki, but it definitely scratched the itch!
I really liked it!
And I can be a bit of a sushi snob.

The rolls are BIG.  One was too much food for me.

So, if you're looking for cheap, delicious, fresh sushi rolls.... give this place a try!
I like it!

Awesome concept. It's literally the subway of sushi. A great option if you want something healthy but don't feel like a sandwich or salad.

There are rolls you can choose from but you can also make your own. First timers like myself need a bit of hand holding through the first order, and I wish the people working there were more enthusiastic and willing to help. They just kind of stare at you a little annoyed that you're taking so long. 

Sushi was pretty good. Certainly not the best, not even close, but kind of what I was expecting for this type of establishment.

Parking sucks. It just sucks. Tiny lot and always crowded.

Probably wont go out of my way to come back but it's a good option if you're in the area.
I work right around the corner in Downtown and surprisingly there arent a lot of sushi options here. I love stopping at HDYR after a late night or for a light lunch. While the parking is a bit tough there, the service is always fast. Ive never had to wait long in line. While it is a like a subway for sushi the fish taste good, the portions are generous, and the price is right. I probably eat here every other week. I like to make a custom roll with eel, avocado, cream cheese, green onion, and jalapeno. I think its like .50 for the extra veggies. Its a good lunch or dinner for under $10. While its not comparable to your typical sushi restaurant, it is REALLY GOOD.
I have gone to this place several times, and every time I have ever went, it was nothing but good experiences. The ingredients are nice and fresh, and it's great for people that don't like "real" sushi with raw fish and seaweed (but don't worry sushi snobs, you can still get both of those things). The rolls are really big (and apparently they're supposed to be pretty healthy too). My personal favorite is the Beefinator, but if there's someone in your group who is particularly picky or just wants a snack, a kid's meal will do just fine (my personal favorite there is chicken and strawberries) and you get a cup of fruit or miso soup, a drink, and a toy so it's totally worth it. It's never usually crowded (however the most recent time I came was later at night because it's open until 10:00pm!) I totally recommend this place, especially people who don't like Japanese food.
I was told that How Do You Roll was a religious experience and I just had to try it.

So, my wife and I finally made it over there to give it a try.

This place is basically the Subway of sushi...which is a neat concept, but it isn't really much less than going to a regular sushi restaurant where I can be more confident that everything is fresh.

I only say that, because I got sick after eating here. It did taste good though, and maybe it was something else that made me sick...but their menu offerings are very peculiar and unorthodox. And most of the rolls are covered and drenched in extra stuff that is kind of a turn off. Your mileage may vary, I suppose.
The concept is great, basically a design your own sushi roll. There are a lot of options, and the prices are relatively friendly. If you want to add a lot in your roll, that's when the price of the roll can get high. However, all the ingredients are extremely fresh and the size of the roll itself is suitable for a light meal!

I had a brown rice seaweed roll with salmon, asparagus, mango, and cucumber. The sesame seeds on top added the crunch that I like, and the fresh ingredients made for a delicious combination. It's definitely not authentic or extremely high quality, but it's satisfactory and balanced. After sampling my familys' rolls, I found that the tuna is also very fresh. They also have a large variety of sauces and toppings so you can really customize the flavor and texture of the roll that you want!
We eat here occasionally and the experience is consistent and mediocre. More Arby's than Subway, because the ingredients are uninspiring. Nor is it a great value in that it is only slightly less expensive than real sushi. All that said, it is convenient fast and strangely satisfying
this place is amazing, its like chipotle but sushi instead of burritos. you go down the line adding whatever you want to your roll, and its all incredibly reasonably priced and super fast. 

i can't believe i haven't eaten at this place sooner. i'll be coming back as often as possible.
Don't go there for the ambiance or for a luxurious experience (because it has neither), but go there for the cheap sushi, fully customizable menu, and decent presentation. The concept itself is cool and it's well-executed. Not exactly a place I'd take my date to, but if you want a quick fix, this would be the place to go to.
Can't rave enough about this place! I was so excited when a friend found this restaurant, as we had been looking for a great casual sushi place. Every roll is always fresh, large, and delicious. They offer meats such as chicken, for guests who don't like fish in their rolls. They also offer a frequent buyer program where you get free sushi after 10 purchases! I love HDYR, and come here as often as possible!
Cheap quick sushi. Simple. Not great. But hits the spot, albeit a bit messily. It's not unfresh, it's just a LOT which can be good but this makes twice that I've consumed just too much. 

Not really their problem.
I mean, I knew what I was getting in to... and I had even heard from others to pass on this place. But I decided to give it a try anyway. 

Now, I'm hardly a sushi snob, but honestly this is pretty easily the worst sushi I've ever had. Nothing about this place is quality. The rice was super dry, along with the chicken that I tried. I even got spicy mayo and chili sauce all over my sushi and it was still almost flavorless. 

The chop sticks here, oh my... I literally don't think you could buy cheaper chop sticks. Almost paper thin, I could snap them in half so easily. Plus, they were not smooth at all. Splinters ALL over them. The cups, the lids, everything just screams "cheapest product we could buy" here. 

All in all, I actually did want to like this place. But I definitely won't be back.
Like most people are saying on here it is a really unique concept when it comes to sushi. For what it is, the sushi rolls tasted pretty good, people behind the counter were friendly. The cost is comparable to grocery store sushi but you get to be the dictator. Be prepared though, if you come during busy hours the parking situation is chaotic.
What a cool concept. My friend had a Groupon so we decided to give it a try...figured it wouldn't hurt. Upon first impression it was super clean. It's in a building with a couple other establishments and parking was easy.

We decided to share three rolls and the seaweed salad. We ordered the spicy tuna, five alarm, and philly roll. It's like a Subway for sushi...the seaweed or soy wrap is made ahead of time with whatever rice you choose (white or brown). It doesn't take long for the "sushi artists" to put the rolls together. Then they put it in a sushi cutter type contraption and you get 10 equal sized pieces. When we were about to ring up we decided to all the grilled chicken roll to our order (don't remember the exact name). We each got a beer and the total came to just over $20 but remember, we had a Groupon. The full prices for each of the rolls was about $8-$9 and the beer was $4. You can also make your own roll...seaweed is $4 and soy wrap is $5 and you get a choice of 3 fruits or veggies, protein extra.

All of the rolls were really good...I think the chicken was my favorite. My friend thought that the spicy tuna tasted like lipstick but I couldn't really tell. Everything was fresh. We ate everything but were stuffed...we didn't really need that fourth roll but were happy we got it.

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for something casual, inexpensive, and good.
I've been anxious to try this place out and Groupon just so happen to have a deal that I purchased - PERFECT. My friend and I tried this place for lunch today and while I like the idea of customized sushi rolls, there are some things that they can work on. I didn't like the fact that they compare their establishment to Subway. Why? I understand the concept is similar to Subway, but ugh Subway is gross. Maybe Chipotle but not Subway. Anway, I tried the Spicy tuna roll and it was okay but not great. The Miso soup was good as well as the Edamame. The trays that they place the food on was very sticky and not so clean. 

Parking is HORRIBLE, which I was well aware of since I frequent the Chipotle next door. So, beware of not being able to find a parking space if you're in a rush for lunch.

Prices are very reasonable, so that is a huge plus. So, you're definitely getting your money worth because the sushi rolls are huge. Overall, it's a nice concept but it needs a little bit of work.
The concept of this place really appealed to me.  A sushi place where you can custom make your own rolls to exactly how you want it...what?!?!?  Thinking that my dreams of sushi creativity have come true I was very underwhelmed by my experience a couple of months ago.  

Walking into the establishment, it was okay.  There were quite a few tables that needed to be bused and the smell of the restaurant reminded me of like a hole in the wall Asian food market.  Not typically the best smell to entice an appetite but I kept an open mind.  The menu seemed clean and precise, just exactly what you would expect a restaurant where you can make custom sushi would be..here are the ingredients, mix and please as you wish.  So I did...

They pulled the rice out of the container.  It had already been placed with the nori and I was instantly hesitant on my order.  Just looking at the rice from behind the sneeze guard, the grains of rice looked like one cohesive blob of rice.  That's one thing I hate in supposedly "fresh" sushi places is mushy rice!  I continued my order...got the salmon with green onion, avocado and cucumber.  Those ingredients looked fresh so that was a plus.  The fish was decently fresh but not anything to rave about.

Here is the part that got me thinking a little more skeptically about this place.  My boyfriend ordered a chicken roll and ordered ahead of me.  Upon time to actually roll the sushi, she added the "raw" salmon to my roll and then with the same gloves added the cooked chicken to his roll before having the roll's rolled.  Maybe I am one of "those" people, but I would prefer not to have raw fish on my cooked chicken roll especially if they are two separate rolls.  Just imagine that the person wasn't my boyfriend who order in front of me or if that same person was allergic to fish...

The staff seemed okay...somewhat helpful but the lady who served us almost seemed annoyed that it was our first time.  I also didn't care for the chopsticks.  Splintered wood is not good for any dinning experience, but I did like that you can get your own soy sauce and amount of wasabi.  

All in all, my food was kinda bland, even with the extra flavoring sauces and the rice was, as I mentioned above, mushy and chewy.  Not a great experience and probably won't be going back or recommending this place either.  If I want sushi like this again, I'll just go to my local grocery store and pick up the pre-made sushi that basically has the same consistency, and taste.
I've been wanting to try How do you Roll? since I first saw it last year! I was very happy with my experience! I like the concept- custom rolls or a few choices of their creations. It's a great sushi place to take kids to introduce them to new foods. There's a choice of meats that are cooked including beef and chicken in addition to shrimp, crab etc. as well as the traditional fresh salmon, tuna etc.
I made my own roll like a Philly- white rice, cucumber, avocado, sprouts, salmon and cream cheese. I order rolls like this elsewhere and it was very comparable in quality to my favorite spots.
I got rice bowls with krab and cucumber for my boys and they liked the teriyaki sauce on the side. There are 2 different kinds of lemonade in the fountain and herbal iced tea which was delicious (hibiscus raspberry frenzy) and black passion fruit tea also.
They hAve 5 flavors of mochi- we tried strawberry, vanilla, mango, and green tea- the 3 of us each chose a different favorite but agreed they all hit the spot! We did not try the coffee flavor.

Very casual inside with a front door facing 7th ave and a back door with patio. Laid back vibe.Parking can be tricky, but I lucked out today. 

Customer service was awesome. Very nice staff. I look forward to returning for happy hour with friends as well as with my nanny kids for lunch.
Not made authentically but very delicious :)
Poor food and the service is equivalent. The rolls fall apart before you can eat them.
I went yesterday. Have to say this place has the worst food ever!! When asked about a refund they stated they do lot do refunds. The roll was a typical Philly, not sure how hard that is. They have us credit however there is nothing at this place I would eat. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!!!
Not good. Frozen sushi is not real sushi. The portion is fine for a sushi place but if someone makes ur sushi in less than 10 seconds something is wrong. The rice is already attached to the roller by the time the girl take it off the cooker. The ingredients looks and taste really frozen. I dont like bashing new upcoming business but this is basically the Mcdonalds of sushi, fast, frozen, bland sushi. If your looking sushi drive 5-10 more miles for other places such as ibachi, teharu, lis bowl, and others around that has real sushi experience. Pls stay away, but if u love mcdonalds or something like that pls feel free to try them, oh just a reminder i ordered 2 sushi and paid alslmost 20 bucks, 20 dollars in teharu can give u sooo much.
Please keep this place alive. Quick, easy, delicious - it's the American way.
fast food sushi
One of the few spots I can take my hubby (who hates Sushi restaurants) and we can both enjoy a meal. He can get his made exactly how he wants it and I can do the same. I don't think I've built the same roll twice in the times I've gone there. The veggies are fresh and the seafood is pretty good too, especially for being in the middle of the desert. They've got both seaweed and soy wraps, which is great. They also make the rolls wrap side out, instead of the traditional rice out way of sushi.

The parking situation is awful. There is never enough spaces and I've circled the lot for up to ten minutes waiting for a spot. Great news is that they deliver now so you can avoid to horrific parking. I also love ordering ahead of time online so I can skip the line and enjoy my meal.
I will agree that this is a great alternative to other types of fast food eating out places but it is a little pricy.  If you ask for soy paper, its $1.00 extra, ask for an additional piece of fish in your roll, $2.50 - $4.00 additional (on top of the menu price).  Went there today and spent $24.00 on two rolls with no drink just a cup for water.  If your going to spend this much, might as well do something with a dine in enviroment like Fez or Bliss Rebar!
This place is great. Clean, friendly, food is great (slamin salmon always had a lot of roe) and great value (go during happy hour). A great place to eat in phoenix.
So good! Been wanting to check this place out since they opened! Why'd it take me so long?! I need to go way more often! :-)
My first time and the sushi is actually pretty good!  I will be back!  I wish there was one of these here in Mesa
Instead of seasoned sushi chefs I have been accustomed to, I just got my sushi rolled by a college student. And I liked it.

We had a Groupon for How Do You Roll so we decided to check it out.

The atmosphere is very much a fast food environment, but it's clean and bright. The staff is perky and helpful.

You can create your own rolls, which can be overwhelming or you can choose from some of their specialty rolls. I chose the 2 specialty rolls, one vegan and one vegetarian. Even if you pick a specialty roll they are still customizable and you can substitute, eliminate, or add an ingredient. (One of my rolls came with soy paper instead of seaweed- who would want to lose that salty seaweed wrapper? I asked for seaweed instead.) For drinks, I chose a beer that I picked purely for novelty. The bottle was shaped like a Buddha! I nearly died. We also ordered some miso soup. (I was informed that the soup wasn't vegetarian- it had a seafood broth. I appreciated the heads up but I didn't mind the broth.) My husband had a custom roll with tempura shrimp. We both substituted brown rice for white rice in our rolls.

The servings of the sushi were huge! And the sushi itself was tasty. Not gourmet by any means but decent. 

I also love how you can stay on track with your diet. Substituting brown rice and customizing your rolls with healthy fillings keep your rolls under 300 cals. Add some miso soup (only $1) or a side salad and you have a guilt free meal.

How Do You Roll is a very cute concept. I recommend it for a lunch break or a very casual date.
IT'S LIKE SUBWAY FOR SUSHI!!!!!! I loved this place. I took my dad here since I had a $20 groupon. He made his own Tuna Roll and I got the " Re-EEL-Y Good" Roll. It tasted great and also they have edamame and miso soup for $1 each. I like that you can customize a sushi roll and it's a whole new concept for sushi! I plan on going back whenever I am downtown!
I passed this place so many times that I finally decided to stop by with some co-workers. I can believe how overprized this place is...a co-worker ordered a 10 piece roll and a drink and was charged $17!! I paid $19 dollars!! WTF!! I didnt even get a drink and she did!!! Fuck this place first and last time!! The roll fell apart before I even picked it up..NEVER AGAIN!!
Let's start with the basics...  clean establishment- check,  friendly staff- check, interesting concept-check,  my favorite sushi elements- definitely check!

The girl behind the counter broke down the concept for me and encouraged.  I wrapped my delicious runs roll in soy paper.  For my second, I turned my eel roll into a bowl.   A bowl of sushi heaven.  I. Will.  Be.  Back.
It is as addicting and tasty as Chipotle - prolly way healthier too ??? I eat here 3 to 4 times a week cause I am addicted.  The Slammin' Salmon is the best!  They have quick service and the employees are all very welcoming and friendly.
Took a friend here today for her birthday lunch and really enjoyed it. We ordered two of the featured rolls and split them as neither one of us had been here before. The first one we got was the Spicy Tuna. It came with the traditional seaweed wrap and we got white rice in it. We also opted to add the tempura crunch on top. It was very tasty. The second one we got was the Crunch Daddy and I liked it best. It came with the soy wrap and we opted for brown rice inside of it. It also had shrimp tempura, mandarin oranges, jalapeño, spicy mayo, tempura crunch, and chili powder in it. We both agreed that it was the better of the two. We ended up getting the combo that came with a drink and a side of edamame. I will definitely be back as the food was good and the prices fair!
This is one of my favourite spots for rolls because I enjoy building my own custom creations. I'm not eating meat these days and they have a good selection of veggies and a few fruits to choose from. 

My favourite roll is this: 

Soy wrap 
White rice
Cucumber
Avocado
Mango
Cream cheese
Sprouts
Spicy mayo
Sriracha

I usually eat out in their patio or on the larger tables in that courtyard area. Everyone who works here is friendly and they make your rolls pretty fast. If a line forms, I notice they are very good about getting help other people on shift.

Totally recommend everyone who decides to eat here regularly ask to sign up for their loyalty prgram. I've earned many free rolls and am happily eating my way up to Rockin' Roller status!

My only complaint about HDYR is that at this location the tables are sometimes sticky if you chose to dine inside.
The kids wanted Five Guys but my husband and I wanted sushi... A bunch of restaurants are all clustered here at the corner of 7th & McDowell so we got to do both!
Sushi wasn't bad.
Staff was very friendly and helpful, even suggesting alternatives with our choices. The Slammin' Salmon was deelish with cucumber and strawberry. The Spicy Tuna was great with asparagus.
Love the concept. 
Not sure how quick the line moves when the place is busy but I'd definitely go back.
The concept is interesting, its like subway but with Sushi. I think I will go back again. You can call your order in also which is great when your on your lunch break
Wasn't expecting anything spectacular here, but I was pleasantly surprised. It's a build your own roll place with pretty good quality. With the selections you can only produce the rolls you may find in a grocery store, but at a better price. Definitely a great quick meal place.
A fantastic idea!! 

I'd describe How Do You Roll? as the Subway of Sushi - but good! 

You are able to select each and every attribute of your sushi roll and they make it right in front of you as you like. Yesterday I created my own version of a traditional Spicy Tuna roll and it was phenomenal! I had a Seaweed Salad on the side and was stuffed on just these two. 

Since this was my first time I was impressed that the staff was so patient with me, especially with the epic line forming behind me. This is definitely a lunch hotspot! If you're a sushi fan, I'd say this place is DEFINITELY worth a try!
My large family LOVES this place. The workers are really friendly, the food is fabulous. No, this isn't the place to get top-of-the-line sushi. In fact, the description: Subway of Sushi pretty much sums it up. 

However, this is a great place to get something healthy that nourishes your body and fills you without feeling heavy. And, if you are counting calories, their website has a great online tool for figuring out the exact calorie composition of your order.

Make sure you sign up for their rewards program. You get a free roll if you order a certain number. Because our family is so big (we get about 11 rolls at a time) we get a free roll each time we order. Sweet deal.

BTW, if you are unsure of something, ask the workers for a sample, they are very happy to provide little tastes of new flavors. I like that. Also, get the sauce on the side. It is really fun to dip the rolls into the sauce using chopsticks. Makes me feel all authentic. LOL.
Cheap, delicious sushi that is made quickly, in front of me, and the way I want it? YES.  That is all that needs to be said.  

There are definitely people who turn their noses up to this place because they believe in the integrity of the sushi-making process, but I do not believe that this restaurant is belittling that process at all.  If you want a piece of artwork by a renowned sushi chef, go to a high-end sushi restaurant.  If you just need your quick sushi fix and only have an hour for lunch on a work day, How Do You Roll? is the place.
My internship isn't far from here, and when I want something that's not quite fast food without having to deal with the trouble of ordering at a real restaurant during the 5:00 o'clock rush and feeling absolutely antisocial. I can order and take the food to go or sit at a booth. It's not the greatest sushi, in fact most of the fish is more like "fish-paste," than prime, fresh cutlets. But when you go to How Do you Roll, you aren't looking for premiere sushi, you want the fast-food equivalent that let's you make your own monstrous sushi-abomination usually for less than $10. I highly recommend the squid salad and seaweed salad; these are much higher quality and cheaper than everything else on the menu.
The parking for this business is atrocious, but I wouldn't expect anything different because of the location.  
The dining area is large and was clean.  There was kind of a weird smell, but I wasn't entirely sure it wasn't me!
They have a menu of rolls they have devised that you can choose, or if you aren't overwhelmed by all the choices like I was, you can have them assemble a roll from your very own imagination.
I would recommend paper menus at the door so you have a little better idea what to expect when you get to the prep line, as people making decisions & asking questions slows down the entire process.  
Very delicious!  I can't wait to go again!!
Came here for lunch with the fam. I was excited to try this place since the concept intrigued me. Since the guys working seemed slow for assembly, my husband and I both opted to order from their signature rolls thinking that it would be faster (it wasn't). My husband loved his roll which surprised me since he came in with low expectations.  I, on the other hand, was very disappointed.  I chalked it up to maybe chicken shouldn't be in a sushi roll.  But the next day... I learned another reason why I won't be coming back here.  I got food poisoning.  

I had been unimpressed with the way some of the food was being stored and also had a little issue with the way that they cut their rolls- with a machine.  Every roll goes thru the same machine.  What if you had food allergies?  And how often is that thing cleaned?  In my opinion you should be cleaning it after every roll that is cut.  

I should have gone with my gut when I saw the presentation of the food... instead my gut told me later why I should have listened to it in the first place.  Both my husband and I got food poisoning which lasted two days.  

Avoid.  Avoid.  Avoid.
Best sushi I have eaten in Phoenix!!! And its cheap!!! Just wish it was closer to my house!!!!
For what it is, I think this place is yummy. Its like a subway but for sushi. pretty cool. the fish was fresh when i had it. and the toppings are what makes it. the only thing that wasnt good was the edame. it was old. but the sushi was good.
This is a "subway style" sushi restaurant which is actually a really cool concept.  Really casual.  Caters to people who marginally like sushi as most of the rolls on the menu have cream cheese but you can easily build your own roll which was the best option here.  All pretty affordable.  They did have a few bottled beers to choose from.  I would recommend it for a quick and healthy lunch.
The place is da bomb.com/wickedawesome . I know the parking lot is annoying but you can get in from the other side, by give guys or park by pei way and walk over. 

They have a few rolls on special for happy hour which I love- slammin salmon is the best or the three alarm if you like spicy. Everything is fresh and tasty and you can make your own rolls like you would at a chipotle or subway. That's great but if your not so creative like me they do have a traditional menu. It's a convenient spot near downtown and is very casual. I'd feel comfortable here on a date or just on my own.
By far the worst sushi I have ever had. The wasabi was way hotter than any wasabi I have had before. The soy sauce was extremely salty, almost like someone added salt to the container. I ordered the spicy tuna and miso soup. The miso soup was every bit as salty as the soy sauce. I couldn't finish it. The spicy tuna was utterly tasteless and the rice was slightly crunchy and tasted like it was under cooked. To top it off, now I'm feeling sick, hopefully it isn't the food. My wife made her own roll with a mix of tuna and salmon, both of which were completely mushy and tasteless. She couldn't even finish half of her order. The employees called How Do You Roll like the subway of sushi. However if you want to pay restaurant prices and eat nasty sushi then this is the place. I recommend you don't eat here though, I think you would thank me for steering you away from this place. You can much better, fresher sushi for the same price at an actual sushi restaurant rather than frozen fast food sushi here. And we were OVERCHARGED $2.50. If you look at the online menu the create your own roll for $6 includes one protein however when I pointed this out to the girl she said "that's not how we do it." Um, ok, but legally you must give the price listed. We went ahead and paid the extra thinking it would be worth it, it wasn't and since their roll cutting machine is, and I quote the guy working there "on it's last leg because it's not cleaned enough" we were handed balls of mushed up sushi, not nicely cut rolls. We will never go back.
Also, asked if they had WiFi and the response was yes but no one can get it to work. So really you mean no we do not have WiFi and we are too lazy too call our service provider to figure out the problem. Gotcha.
This is where you're own creativity. Pays off. Have it anyway you like it. Really injoyed it.
So after coming here for a couple years now, I have to say in disappointed in them. 
First off, the area where they put the ginger, wasabi, etcetera is disgusting. Never been cleaned type of disgusting. It was 1130am, they open at 11, so you know it was from not being cleaned at all. This wasn't one occasion either. I had to visit my Uncle at the VA everyday and this was my lunch spot. It never looked clean. 
Secondly, their kids meals are disgusting. My son loves sushi, not so much the kids meal. The rice is stale and absolutely different and gross tasting. He likes salmon on his roll, when I asked the charge they told me 0.75 extra, but they charged me for a full add (2.50). Since they only gave me half of the normal serving (since the roll is half the size), but charged me full, I asked for them to add the other piece to the side, which they refused! They made such a huge condition about it that it was embarrassing. 
Thirdly, their employees that have been there are fantastic. The new ones are pretty horrible. All my bad experiences are with the new group. Every single time I've been in has had some bad customer service related experience. 
If they cleaned it back up, made fresh kids sushi, and replaced those newbies, I'd love to continue to go.
I loved this place! I wasn't sure how our visit would turn out bc several reviews said that they didn't have anything that they liked. Very strange bc you build your own roll. They do not offer tempura rolls which is my favorite but we found lots of good combinations that we all ended up loving and wishing that there was a place like this where we lived. The miso soup was great too. No complaints here.
I've been here a few times and the experience just keeps degrading on each visit. The customer service is some of the worst I've had at a restaurant like this which is not too surprising considering how arrogant the responses from the managers are on here. It's laughable that in another response to a customer's review, the owner/manager acted offended that someone said their fish was frozen, when on the company's official website (http://blog.howdoyouroll.com/tag/raw-fish/) they claim that some of their fish is in fact frozen and is stored below -4F or lower. 

There's nothing wrong with using frozen fish at a sushi place, in fact it's necessary to kill off parasites; however, cross contamination, storing things at the wrong temperature, etc. can make people really sick and I would wager that's what happened here as my girlfriend ate here two hours ago and is now very sick. 

How's that "we serve 200 rolls a day and no one's ever complained" working out for you when there are several related responses on this page? Come here if you want to eat questionable grocery store quality rolls with splintery chopsticks and then spend the rest of your day having a slumber party in your bathroom.
Been there twice, won't try again. Sub-par ingredients. Cucumber salad was bland,  but the seaweed salad was tasty (normal). Rolls were loose, rice was chewy. I picked a piece of salmon out of a roll and ate it by itself, and realized why the roll did nothing for me - the salmon was bland. This place isn't cheap enough for how cheap the food tastes, so I'll pay slightly more for better sushi elsewhere.
Walmart of sushi! I found a hair in my rolls. If you don't know me, I'm bald. It wasn't mine!  They offered to remake my rolls. What? So I can have another serving of hair?! No thanks. Then when I asked for a refund they said they could give me a credit. What?! So I can return for a second helping of hair! No thanks! This place sucks! They call themselves the Subway of sushi. Does Subway know they're calling themselves that? The safest thing I would order from this place is a bottle of beer and I would make sure you open it yourself.
So 3 stars about sums it up. The service was good, food was pretty good, and options were plentiful. However, everything does have a 'pre-packaged' feel to it. Now that isn't totally bad, it worked in a pinch. I got the sushi I was looking for but I just don't have an urge to go back. If you're in the area and want some OK sushi, I would say try it. Just keep in mind this wasn't even as good as the sushi booth in my local grocery store.
Always look forward to this place when I travel to Phoenix.  Custom sushi. Good service. Love it! Wish we had one in Cali
It was about time I rolled into this place!  We had passed it so many times and I kept wondering if was worth a shot.  Finally...my hubby and I stopped in last week to try it at the end of our date day.  He is allergic to shell fish, so I was happy he would be able to try sushi since they have meat as well.

This is all based on the idea of customized sushi, just like they make customized sandwiches at Subway.  In fact, the people behind the counter say the same thing.   But they also have set menu sushi combos as well in case you don't want to try to make your own combo.  

I tried their Five Alarm, since so many here said how good it was.  Then, I attempted to put my own combination together with tempura shrimp, crab, cucumber, green onion, soy paper, white rice, sesame seeds, and spicy mayo.  I looooooved being able to get soy paper because I like it way more than seaweed!  Sadly, it wasn't flavorful enough because of my choices I put together.  But the Five Alarm was pretty tasty and perfectly spicy without being over the top...if you are used to spiciness that is.  

My hubby decided to go with their combos and ordered the Beefinator and Funky Fresh Chicken.  I had mentioned to the gal behind the counter that it was his first time having sushi since he is allergic and I'm glad I did because she was on top of it enough to use a clean knife to cut his rolls instead of putting in their automated cutter.  Thank you!!  He said he wasn't a huge fan of his rolls, but he also said that he thinks sushi are appetizers.  Ha!  What does he know?!  :-)

We took ours outside and enjoyed it out on their patio since it was later in the day.

The concept is pretty cool and I kind of want to take some of the roll recipes at my favorite sushi joint that I never get because it has salmon (not a fan) or eel on it...and instead use some spicy tuna or crab possibly at HDYR.  I'm definitely going to give it another shot and see.  

Their ingredients aren't as fresh as the sushi restaurants I frequent, but they are still pretty good.  If you try it, I highly recommend getting one of their set rolls off the menu and maybe making another of your own.
Really like this place, wish I had one near me in LA!

Like others have said  it's like a Subway/Chipotle for sushi. Is this the place to go if you are looking for a sexy sushi date or to have some crazy, culinary experience? Probably not. If you are looking for tasty, fresh, fast and reasonably priced sushi this is a great place to come.

Love that they offer brown rice for no additional charge. Also love that they don't charge extra for avocado. I was just wanting a simple spicy tuna roll, got it with brown rice, avocado, cucumber and those little green plants. Took the employee's suggestion to drizzles a little of the spicy sauce on top. (Don't remember what it's called, it's that chipotle mayonnaise stuff, I think.)

Loved that I could help myself to ponzu and ginger.

The roll was really big, I think it was like 8 or 10 pieces. I got that with some edamame and I was good to go.

Will definitely come back when I am in the area!
While the service was nice and prompt, I was not impressed by the quality of the California sushi roll that I had at this restaurant. It tasted lukewarm and was not up to standards especially for the price they are selling them at. I could not even finish my roll and had to throw it away. I am an avid eater of sushi, so I know how it should taste. I think this is a very neat idea and I liked the feel of the restaurant, but I think I will stick with regular sushi bars.

I will give it three stars for good service.
Horrible service!!! I didn't even get to eat. Lady acted like she was in drugs. She saw me taking my time and she totally walked away saying this isn't worth my time. Idk id she had a bad day or something but I walked right out and don't really care for it that much. There's plenty of sushi places out there
New favourite coffee shop. Amazing staff, food, and drinks! :) Has a great vibe and atmosphere.
Very nice.  First time here and at a raw food restaurant.  Loved the enthusiam of Xavier!   Had a good mocha and tried the raw sweets!  Loved the coconut macaroons!   Atmosphere is very relaxing with cool jazz.  Next time will try a raw meal.
Delicious and healthy!
Xavier, the Manager, will turn you on to the raw food movement after tasting his very nutritious smoothie creation.  He convinced me that all i need are vegetables and fruits and maybe some nuts.  It is that simple and it is the way.  This cafe and the people who operate it believe in wellness and giving back to the community.  It is very refreshing and wholesome.  Let's support it.
This place is amazing, Xavier is awesome and knows what i like... I get a white choclate raspberry mocha with almond milk, it is soooo yummy, all organic coffee. the customer service is awesome, highly recommend, they make you feel like part of the family, that's how comfortable it is! The food is amazing too, my favorite is the African spicy hummus you got to check this place out! they also offer free samples, how could you say no???
Every now and then I crave something light, refreshing and decidedly un-carnivorous. I've grown up in a household that always has Tahini and Braggs Amino Acid on hand and took tabouleh to school for lunch, so this style of eating isn't foreign to me. What did surprise me was the lack of creativity.

With the raw movement being hugely popular over the last couple of years, I came expect that, by now, the food had gotten a little more.. refined, so to speak; a little more creative. What I found at Raw Food Express was simple, straightforward fare. 

I ordered the zucchini wraps which was about all they had left in the cooler for the day. It was about three thin slices of zucchini wrapped around a prettily diced medley of bell peppers, radish and cauliflower. This came with a coconut water, Braggs and Tahini dipping sauce. The wraps themselves were hard to eat as they were falling apart, but the cool crunchiness was welcome after braving the 105 degree weather outside. The sauce was unbalanced. It had a slight creaminess thanks to the Tahini, but mostly it just tasted of the Braggs- salty. For these three little wraps, I paid $10. Color me unimpressed.

The only truly redeeming factor of this place is Xavier, and it seems as though he's no secret. He'll take his time with you and explain everything, making you feel very comfortable. He's fantastic!

Unfortunately, the overall experience was somewhat disappointing as those wraps were something I would have thought to make at home and I was hoping that someone who specializes in eating as a raw vegan everyday would have surprised me with their creativity. Not so. Still, it wasn't terrible. Maybe I'll have to try one of the smoothies, so I don't end up going across the street to satiate my appetite next time.
Already a favorite after my first visit.  Not only were they the friendliest staff, but the greatest in customer service as well.  On first visit they let you sample everything before you commit to your meal, & your first coffee is on the house!
Hollar!  Love this place, although it is pricey.  A small container of hummus is $7.00.  But the hummus is to die for!  I am happy they added the sign on the side of the building Raw Food Express or I would have never stepped in the door.  The gentleman at the front offered me samples galore.  I basically had a meal just sampling all the food.  They make everything fresh, they only have a few things premade for you to go and pick up.  Everyday they have a new selection of foods to sell THAT DAY.  I tried the "chicken salad wraps"  of course it was not real chicken but seriously did taste like a chicken salad.  The not so cheesecake was amazing and the coconut pastry puffs were perfection!  
Unless you want what they already have in the fridge for that day, you can not go in and order anything off the menu.  You have to call in a day or two ahead and ask them to prepare the food for you.  
If you are looking for fresh, vegan and gluten free food this is a great place to go.  Just remember to call in before to see what they have or call in to order your food for the week.  
They also serve a large variety of coffee and smoothies.  I did not try any but if it taste anything like the food, then I am sure its fantastic!
So, my vegetarian friend and I when out for some Thai food when we saw Something's Brewing Coffee House from where we had planned to eat. We noticed the sign also included "Raw Food Express" which intrigued us. After ordering, we decided we'd look this place up via Yelp to see the ratings and reviews. To our surprise, both were top notch! We both agreed that after our meal, we'd go check the place out and find something to order. We entered a few minutes shy of 7:00 and were immediately greeted by the manager, Xavier. He asked whether it was our first time, and was extremely informative and helpful in the selection process of what we should order or try. He offered us free samples of several of the treats they had-- the carob peanut butter macaroon was my absolute favorite! 

Being that we were stuffed from dinner, we settled for a hot green tea and chai tea, that Xavier had specially made to our liking. He had given us so much information about the business, the term "raw," and product information. I felt bad because business hours were over and Xavier was still catering to every need or question that we had. He truly is one who is passionate about the Vegan lifestyle and his business. I can't wait to return! I plan to pay a visit on Friday night, as we were informed later hours. Definitely recommend this place for Vegans and non-Vegans.
Just tried this place for the first time and I love it! Xavier the owner is wonderful and truly passionate about raw eating. He's so eager to educate each customer that comes in. I love that he lets you sample everything before you decide what you want and if you're eating there he doesn't make you pay until you're done eating. The prices may be higher than some like but it's not whole foods bad. Highly recommend the mock chicken wraps and zucchini wraps :)
Chef Xavier is a wonderful ambassador to the world of raw food.  The food is tasty, fresh and delicious.  He recommends going to the cafe website to look at the menu, and calling ahead to place your order, so that it can be ready for you upon arrival.  Or, if you pop in on the spur of the moment, you can select something fresh from the deli case.  For those who want help improving the nutrition in their diet, he offers a smoothie program.  He makes a delicious smoothie called "The Works" that contains many different vegetables but tastes absolutely delicious and refreshing.
After meeting the owner or chef and she kept going on and on about how the food was healthier and way more tastefull, I had to give it a try. (I am not vegetarian) 

I have to say that the food was full of flavor. I tried this desert of somesort it had nuts in it. I tried the hummus and I have never had hummus before so I was kind of scared.... but it was delicous. Like I just wanted to keep eating and eating. 

Next time if I can I will try 1 of everything.. lol jp

I would highly reccomend this place if you just want a snack or something new to try..

:)
Place is AWESOME! They let you sample EVERYTHING! I think my favorite item is the Sweet lemon pepper Hummus!  Paired with baked sweet potato chips. I also love the pesto quiche!(sp?) My vegetarian boyfriend really enjoyed the mock chicken wraps. We were very impressed with the service Mr Xavier showed us and we were able to meet Chef Shar. It is a family run business and they have a lot of passion for what they do. I'm so glad it is a health-conscious joint and I'm looking forward to new items. :)
A bit out of the way  to get to if you are visiting on the strip, but if you are a hard-core Raw Foodie, it is worth the drive. the menu is quite limited, but what is there is very well prepared and flavored. I think it's one of the best raw food friendly eateries in the valley.
Generally they will offer you a free sample of anything before you buy! That shows they stand behind their food, as they should.

They also have a little shop with a few things to buy.
I am so sad that I may be moving back to LA now that I've discovered Raw Food Express, I'm seriously considering living in Vegas "part-time"...if that even makes sense. Whatever, I'll figure it out.

After reviewing the menu online and having my mind set on the BlackJack 21 Salad, I drove a few blocks down to the Cafe. I was immediately greeted enthusiastically by Xavier and then Rosa took care of my order. When I realized how small the container for the salad was, I was a bit worried that I wouldn't be satisfied. Rosa insisted that it may look small, but the various, nutritious contents will keep my stomach (and brain) happy. However, she also cheerfully gave me samples of a few other items if I wanted to try anything else, just in case. 

5 samples later...

Damn. I am definitely coming back for the tacos, mock chicken salad wraps, zucchini wraps, and the macaroons. I ended up taking home the Blackjack 21 and Labenese Salad, both delicious but I can't take my mind off of the taco sample Rosa slipped me...curses! I'll be back.

p.s. You can tell everyone here is very passionate about the raw food lifestyle. Xavier chatted a few customers up, including me, about his own weight loss experience (215lbs to 140lbs I believe he said) by cutting out animal products and including his WoRx smoothies in his diet, and the foundation of the food and philosophy of the place. He is patient with everyone's questions and answers every curious inquiry thoroughly.
Stopped at Raw Food Express for a Meet Up group and was there on the wrong day or so I thought. It was the wrong day as the meeting was set for the up coming day but it wasn't the wrong day to meet Xavier and his welcoming spirit.

Raw is such a cool atmosphere I ended up engaged in a great conversation with a very nice young man, enjoyed a green smoothie and took home a wonderful Kale salad. 

My advice would be to stop by on purpose try the samples and enjoy the great food and wonderful hospitality of Xavier. I do plan on coming back to Raw for more of their wonderful food as well as my friends and family members I shared the tasty Kale salad with!
Not Raw, and not Express! The name raw food express is everything this place isn't. The only thing express about it, is that it is expressly slow, and they are expressly dishonest! Raw this place is not! Everyone is raving about Xavier. Sure he is nice to your face, and that is because he is lying to it! Xavier flat out lied to my face about the ingredients in the food. My Ice tea tasted horrible, like chemical store bought processed sugar crap!!!! Crap that I don't drink, for various reasons...blood sugar issues being just one of them. Xavier said the tea was made with lime juice, cinnamon, and hibiscus. The real truth is that it is colored Fresh and Easy Limeade...possibly colored with hibiscus...but I doubt that at this point. We saw them bring in at least 20 bottles of the limeade from the store. We asked Xavier multiple times if it was store bought limeade in the tea, he kept insisting it was fresh squeezed. (This is while we were watching the girl put the limeade in the fridge) He went on to brag about he was creating his own line of teas. We kept insisting that lime juice is not sweet like he was telling us. He just insisted that that is why his line of teas was the best because he "could do things that others couldn't do". I believe that "thing" is called "lie". Or maybe that "thing" was buy some Crystal Light and mix it with some limeade. I could do that at home if I wanted to, but I wouldn't because that is NOT HEALTHY!!!!!!!!!!

I don't believe that Xavier eats raw food, or even healthy in general.  If  he did, he would understand why people care about what goes in their bodies and would not lie to them about it. He told one customer that he doesn't eat vegetables, that's why he blends them. What healthy person doesn't eat vegetables??!!!!!!!!! I would not trust the smoothies from this place any way. Probably made from Kool Aid, and canned vegetables or something.

They also don't make the food they sell there. I'm not sure if Chef Sharon makes anything, and if she does, she doesn't make it there. Why else was there a chef there that was talking to xavier about bringing food in to sell? He was clearly not familiar with the raw food concepts. 

I had to drive way out of the way to give this place a chance. I really wanted to support a small business, that was promoting health and raw food. I am very disappointed in this place, and very angry that I was lied to!
Loved the mock crab cakes that came with a refreshing celery and corn salad. The crab cakes paired off nicely with a dill dipping sauce.

First timers get half off on tea and smoothies, which was a sweet deal.

The place is pretty small. When I came there was a group of 15 people having a meeting about the benefits of RAW foods and were hogging all the tables. But no worries! There were patio tables that I enjoyed my lunch at. I'd definitely come back again.
This place is Great! If you are. Super indecisive and don't know what to order no worries Xavier will literally let you try a sample of everything! Try the lemon pepper hummus soooo good! And the mock chicken wraps never disappoint.
Super friendly family owned business. Great lettuce wraps and healthy smoothies. Excited to see them grow and offer a larger selection of ready to go food!

Xavier is the bomb! Always wanting to educate his patrons and bring a smile to their faces. I've never gone in there and not left without feeling happier than when I went in :)
I came here right after my workout at LVAC. The customer service was overall good. 
I had asked about explanations of the reasons they choose their ingredients but they were all rather vague promoting this whole idea that acidic foods will really mess you up.. When entirely your blood pH never changes that often.
I believe they got the idea right just, their reasoning could use more accurate detailed answers. ( I am a Medical Laboratory Technician )

But yes the important thing is the food! There is no meat, I have no problems with that anyways.

I'm surprised at how filled I was from their mock chicken. I thought I had to buy 2 plates the first plate filled me, the last plate I had to force down.

To get an idea of the cost.. For 2 plates and the smoothie it was 28 with tax.

I appreciate how much fiber and flavor the food had.
Along with their fresh juice, I sorta wish they made it on the spot instead of refrigerated to get me more nutritional value out of it.

Overall, I like the place its nice, clean, Fast, and healthy. You can pig out with guilt. Lol

Important tip is they open at Noon!!! Grr
Food here is ehhh. But the prepackaged food also kinda irked me. I'd rather see the chef prepare it or set my plate after I order it. Out of all the things I tried (sampled: kale salad, chipotle taco, crab cakes, bought: mock chicken wraps, and zucchini wrapped hummus) I only enjoyed the chipotle taco.

the items are really small for the price, and mainly just doesnt taste that good. 

Like your mock chicken and crab should taste something like the meat its pretending to be right? 

I just felt like a bird eating all those seeds.
I can't say enough great things about this place. I love Raw food express and I can't imagine how anyone could ever have anything bad to say about this place. I have been coming here for over a month now, pretty much on a daily basis. Xavier is awesome! very helpful and can answer any question you have regarding the food and ingredients. I don't believe anything here is "pricey" you are getting raw organic fresh ingredients, so yes, you can go to McDonald's and pay 5 dollars for a Big Mac,Fries and soda which has no nutritional benefit for you and you are basically putting chemicals and toxins in your body or you can pay 10 dollars for a plate of natural organic ingredients. Quality does cost more and is worth it if you care about what goes into your body. As far as the smoothies/juices there, the great thing about them is Xavier blends the whole foods in the vitamix blender rather than pulverizing and extracting them into a juice, which keeps them from oxidizing as quickly. Thus all the nutrition and fiber is retained and you can buy one and let it sit in your fridge for a few days. I think we definitely need more places like this in Vegas that cater to the Vegan community.
This place is amazing and all the food is BOMB! I've never tried anything I didn't like. It's all healthy, guilt free, and surprisingly filling!! The master Chef Xavier is not only sweet and friendly, he makes some kick ass food. I've done several diet programs with him and if you follow his orders they really work!!! He's helped me lose weight and I'm working with him now to continue meeting my health goals. So thankful to have a restaurant like this near me!!
The zucchini wraps were REALLY good. 

They let you taste items before you purchase, which is awesome. The prices are a bit high, but it's all raw food so that's not a big surprise. 

The location is small and the checkout process seems like a sales transaction which was kind of annoying but he was still really nice so that made up for it.

I can't decide if I'll go back or not. If I have some extra cash I might because it's a quick way to eat a healthy lunch.
Very good vegan food to go. You can eat there but the space is small. It's more like a pick up food place. The food was great!!! All vegan and great staff. Food is made fresh every day and ready to go when ordered.
Awesome customer service; very friendly staff. Chef comes out to greet you when you walk in. You can sample anything and everything on the menu before you buy it, so it's hard to have a bad experience. Ordered the tacos, crab cakes, and chocolate coconut drink - filled up two people and tasted out of sight. Will definitely return here and recommend it to others.
This chef actually gave me a speech about how there is no scientific evidence that GMO's are unsafe.  This Chef actually wanted to debate with me about O R G A N I C foods.  I walked in and I had 1 simple question.   Do you use O R G A N I C ingredients at all? This was my first and last time I will ever set foot in that place.  He was very cocky and full of pride as he pointed to a machine on the shelf above him... he washes away all the pesticides,  said that he ONLY USES  CONVENTIONAL ingredients and doesn't believe in anything  O R G A N I C.  He was very rude.  He talked over me as I explained that conventional vegetables and fruits, etc. have been modified with DNA that modifies DNA in our bodies... didn't even let me finish, instead he continued his speech that it is washed away... YOU CANNOT WASH AWAY MUTANT DNA that was injected in the seeds and the plants to make it frankenfood... SPREAD THE WORD!!
The food and smoothies here are perfect!  They are very warm and helpful.  I always have a good experience every time. Love this place!
This place is fantastic! Lots of healthy options from a very knowledgable and friendly staff. I highly recommend the Mock Tacos entree and the curried chickpea salad. The Jamaican Hibiscus iced tea is also to die for.
Raw food express is definitely a place you wanna check out if you're trying to stay healthy. They have a great selection of vegetarian food & juices that are quite healthy. The neat thing about this place is that they let you sample their menu before you purchase their food. Everything is fresh & tastes delicious. The owners are very friendly as well as their chef! The hours for this restaurant are weird but if you catch them while they are open stop in!
Totally agree with everything said before me! I drove from Henderson to get my hair done at Platinum Hair studio (Which was also amazing and got everything i asked for) and while i was waitinf i tried out this place! I was impressed that Xavier was greeting people by thier first name and knew right off the bat i have never been there before! Their were so many options and i really wanted a coffee drink, but passed since i'm trying to whiten my teeth. I asked him just to make me something good, so he made the same drink for me as the lady before and i'm glad he did! Filled with veggies and fruit including califlower and zucchini! Two veggies i usually can't stand!!! I told them my mama would be proud of me for finally eating my veggies! It was deliciousness in a cup ;) Will definitely stop by again when i'm on that side of town!
The couple who own & work the store are so nice and love what they do. One of them enthusiastically explained to us all of the different ingredients and health benefits/uses for their "elixirs" and let us sample all of them. They all tasted like really flavorful juice and were DELICIOUS. You could slightly taste the vitamins as an aftertaste, but my friend and I really didn't mind (according to the owner, they had 100-something different fruits & vegetables and a ton of different vitamins inside). You can mix them any way you want to suit your health needs OR what simply tastes good to you. A refreshing 12oz drink was $6.

I didn't get any food, but I read the menu which looks pretty delicious (ALL VEGAN!). Most importantly, it seems like everything is super affordable. Definitely gotta go back to try the menu.
Thanks RFE for stirring up my yummy cup of goodness!

I was brought here with a local who recently found this gem and wanted to fix me up since I'm suffering from a random cold.

Whats up doc, jamaican hibiscus tea and berry citrus greens mixed up together... I highly recommend!

Lots of health benefits with anything you walk out with from here.

Cute couple running the business and very informative. 

$6 for what I like to call "a fix me up in a cup" :)

If you're into eating clean and healthy... this spot is for you!

I'm a fan!
-Miss Yelp 2014
If u raw food lover this is for you. I loved the woman that was serving us , so kind and welcoming 
They have amazing feature for raw food place  - tasting menu
I personally liked chickpea salad and crab cake !
I love the fact that there is a raw food place near where I live. the staff is very friendly and helpful as other reviews have pointed out. I would like it better if it was open longer and on wknds. this place is my first and only exposure to raw food restaurant. the food is about what I expected. it was decent. but then again I have nothing to compare to as far as another raw food restaurant. I found it a bit overpriced tho. I mean, they don't have to cook anything.... So why so pricey???
Great addition to the neighborhood!  Owner was super helpful/friendly and gave the husband and I free samples of all the juices before we purchased. 

Tried all the different kinds of hummus and they were great.  

Next time going to come hungrier and try the mock chicken.
5stars for sure. I have so much respect for the owners for opening this place! Its awsome. Cute little health &wealth fast food spot. Great vibes in here. I like the chickpea salad & broccoli stirfry. Cant forget to get dessert the macroons are delish. We need places like this everywhere! And in my opinion its not overpriced at all. For 11$ you get a big plate of RAW nutritional delicious FOOD!!
The staff here are super friendly and accommodating. They are happy to answer any questions and offered me a free sample late to help me decide. The curried chickpea salad and broccoli and mushroom salad were wonderful; savory and full of flavor. I had the peanut and coconut macaroons for dessert, and I had to resist the temptation to get a dozen of them boxed up to take home. They also have various juice tonics which I wi have to try in the future.
Like another reviewer said, I found it really disappointing that they don't use organic/non-GMO products (I did see they have organic lemonade) - not even in their juices/elixirs. I used to come here a lot when my co-workers signed up for a juicing cleanse package they offered.

This is why I don't understand their prices. If you aren't buying organic and non-GMO, why are your prices so high? I could go to Whole Foods and get a custom juice for the same price that IS organic and non-GMO. I'm not going to get into a cost vs health debate here, but I bring this up because I was also told someone that worked here that organic and non-GMO weren't essential to a juice cleanse. Any of the foremost authorities on juicing for health will tell you different: Gerson, Wahls, etc. 

To add something nice, Xavier is awesome. He is very friendly and kind. He will let you try everything and thoroughly explain it to you. He always has a welcoming smile and great attitude. I almost feel bad writing this review because I do not want it to reflect on him in any way. 

I really really want to like this place. I appreciate what they are trying to do. Overall, the prepared foods all were cool concepts, but really lacked flavor - same for the juices. I didn't care for them at all. And I WOULD be willing to pay more for organic and non-GMO.
So far this is a incredibly tranquil and friendly experience. However I will review as I go. I've ordered a combination plate and have chosen the crab cakes and zucchini wraps with extra artichoke and spinach hummus. .....I am awaiting the arrival of the order and am excited.   Ok so my food has come and it's freaking delicious... End of review..5 stars for this place. Hope it sticks around!!
Simply spectacular! The couple that owns the place are just incredibly friendly, they offer a little sample platter FREE because they're so confident about their menu. Every single bite of food on that plate was incredible! The other customer there raved about it telling me all the best items.  She said the food has what other local places are missing...FLAVOR! And se was right! Also, be sure you get their juice! It's amazing!
My first experience was above and beyond! The owner was amazing! Super friendly service. Food is amazing. Can't wait to come back for more.
Nice work.. especially in Vegas ! Great food and truly unique. Will be returning. Anytime someone is making it their life's mission to help people, the planet, reduce animal suffering and essentially support  the future of mankind in such a profound and foundational way, I'm a fan.
passionate and friendly service, delicious healthy food at a very fair price. I'll definitely be back soon!
Great food, bartenders, atmosphere, and owners
Casa, a Tempe place for Tempe people
If your looking for live music, out of this world drink specials, burritos that break all the rules, and a misting system that stands apart. You have found home.

The 2 story patio that Casa is a welcome oasis on mill ave there is nothing like chilling outside on a lovely day but in Arizona the summer heat is murder. To battle the heat they installed the most advanced misting system to keep you cool. Yet on a 110 degree day in the summer it feels like a cool 80. No need to worry about getting wet or ruining your phone,the high pressure system makes it rain cool literally

So far it was a great experience, the drinks were handmade, and the food was wonderful
Checked this place out a few nights ago. Since it's spring break at ASU, I imagine every bar on Mill was nowhere near capacity. This place had a smallish, chill crowd with a relaxed vibe. I imagine when all the students get back, that could change. I thought the layout was nice, with a prominent bar smack in the center. Ordering drinks was easy and the bartenders were laid back. I'd definately give this place another visit.
This place is one restaurant - C.A.S.A/Sun Ba with two different locations split up by Munchies and Slices on Mill.  I went to the Sun Ba about a month ago (used to be the former Chronic Taco) and their menu sucked.  They gave a lot of excuses that they 'weren't officially opened yet' and their new location would be the more relaxed bar/restaurant with more food.  Today we went to the new location and the same exact menu and same excuses.  And whomever is coming up with their food names needs to take a Spanish 101 class (El Chorro translates into diarrhea).  Won't be coming back here again.
I am an absolute sucker for eating (read: getting drunk) on a patio. You could serve me a Swanson's t.v. dinner and as long as I'm getting some rays, I'd probably love it. Fortunately, C.A.S.A. (what does that stand for? Are fake acronyms a new thing?) serves some really high quality food, so I won't have to test my T.V. dinner theory. 

My girlfriend and I went for lunch and drinks at around 1 pm on a Saturday. The place was "good crowded" - there was enough people to give the place some energy, but we still easily found a table. We had initially chosen C.A.S.A (I'm just gonna type CASA from now on) because the vegan spot she had chosen was closed on weekends. We did not have high hopes for being able to eat anything on the menu, but to our surprise they had  a vegan section. 

We both opted for the vegan carne asada burrito, and I've gotta say, it was the best vegan burrito I've ever had. I'm assuming the chef takes his regualr carne asada marinade and uses it on what appeared to be seitan, but whatever he did it works. The price isn't bad either. 7 bucks gets you a good sized burrito, but no side. At 7 bucks this isn't a deal breaker, though it would be nice to have some chips or beans or whatever. 

The drinks were also a decent deal. There was a margarita/mojito special on Saturday, so we opted for a couple of 4 dollar margaritas. They were excellent and I kept mysteriously finding my glass empty within in minutes of the drink being put down. I don't know if I'd typically drink margaritas so I checked out the beer menu for future reference. It was decent, not overly exciting, so don't go expecting 1,000s of belgian beers, but they have your basic IPAs, stouts, heffs, etc. As a side note, they had lots of TVs behind the bar, and it looks like a great place to watch march madness. 

The owner of the restaurant informed us that the chef is vegan and that brunch, lunch and dinner would all have vegan options, which will definitely keep us coming back.
I just love me a good patio, and C.A.S.A is ALL patio. BAM! The upstairs and downstairs patio have comfortable, raised seating (perfect for people watching) all wrapped around the bar. The design reminded me a lot of downtown San Diego. 

We were there on a Saturday, so margaritas, mojitos and some other mixed drinks were only $4. The margaritas were bomb. I had three (whoops). They also had a special for $20 bottles of wines. 

Other specials that I can remember (there's more): 
Monday: Movie night
Tuesday: $2 Tacos
Sunday: brunch 

The food and wine selections are both Spanish themed. Although the menu isn't large, it's got some great options. Bowls, burritos, salads and sandwiches--a lot of carne asada. There were both healthy options and decadent ones. 

So here's what really did it for me: They have vegan options. And I'm not talking a mediocre salad or a sandwich consisting of cucumbers and sprouts. They offer a vegan carne asada burrito, vegan sandwich and a veggie bowl that can be made vegan.

The vegan carne asada burrito was effing amazing. I woke up this morning thinking about it. I'm craving it. Constantly. It's that good. It had thick pieces of juicy  "carne asada" seitan, zucchini, some other yummy vegetables, and a delicious sauce. It was so good my boyfriend didn't even put hot sauce on it (they have red and green). That's really saying something. 

We spoke with the owner and he says they will always have vegan options for every meal of the day -- even brunch. He was really nice, seemed to love his chef and was walking around checking on every table. 

To be clear, this isn't a vegan restaurant. They're just intelligent enough to realize there's other diets out there than the standard American omnivore. The vibe is great, the non-vegan food looked great, too. Everyone seemed happy. 

Now I can get a patio, vegan food, booze and even vegan brunch at the same place?!?! Eff yes. That's worth a five-star review.
I have now been there 3 times and each time is it getting worse and worse.  They could possibly have the worst service of any restaurant I have ever been to.

Last time I sat at the bar with a friend and watch our food sit on the counter for 10 minutes when the bartender finally turned around and realized there was food on the counter.

Today we went and sat on the roof. We ordered at 12:15 and by 1:00 we were still waiting for our Mac and Cheese Burrito.  The server told us they had a big party while the owner then came over and told us the health inspector shut the kitchen down for a half hour.  Either way I will not be back.

Only good if you have at least 2 hours to kill for lunch
Was originally planning to go to Bison Witches for brunch at 10 am, however Bison wasn't open and C.A.S.A. was. It was perfect. We had a group of 8 or 9 and found a spot that accommodated all of us.  They are also dog friendly :)

I love the patio. They were only serving their limited breakfast menu when we got there but it was great. I don't know who decided to put sweet potatoes in a breakfast burrito but their burritos and breakfast burrito bowls are pretty damn good for a small little patio bar on mill that has only been open for 2 weeks.

I'm looking forward to trying their lunch menu and of course drinks :)

I love that they are open early and I absolutely love patios in AZ this time of year.

The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they brought me a burrito instead of the bowl that I ordered. The contents are the same and it still tasted really good.
Wow, where do I begin? I think this was by far the worst service I have ever received in a restaurant. I came with a group of 8 for lunch at 11am on a Wednesday. We had stopped by earlier in the day and made a reservation and we were looking forward to trying a new spot.

Our waitress (Liz I believe) was the only redeeming part of the entire incident that followed. (If I was rating her I would give 5 stars). Our food orders took an eternity and we watched all the people who had came in after us getting their food. Our waitress stopped by to warn us about the wait on the food, so we ordered some chips to tide us over. 

I ordered the Veggie Rice bowl (which was described as mixed peppers, squash onions, ect and either rice or pasta) I asked for no rice add  the Vegan Carne Asada.

What was brought out came in a to-go container that was about 1/4 full (think typical Chinese food container). I thought perhaps it was the side of carne and inquired with the waitress to see where the rest of the bowl was. (Where was the pasta, grilled veggies ect?) Did someone get hungry and eat it on the way to my table?

She came back with some guy who looked in need of a shower. He asked me what the problem was, and when I explained there was nothing here but the carne asada
 he got defensive and argued with me. There was no offer to bring the pasta, or add veggies. He basically beat on his chest, pushed a menu in my face and told me he was the executive chef "Joey" and that he would never order a rice bowl without the rice. I was astounded at his aggression and rudeness. If I owned this joint he would be out of a job. This is no "House of Tricks" buddy, it's a bar that plays lunch spot by day and your pompous attitude earns no merit badge.

Some other highly medicated looking guy came by later and asked me what the problem was and basically chuckled when I told him and asked if he could do anything. I was afraid the "executive chef" Joey would spit in my food so I declined, I couldn't get out of that place fast enough. Liz apologized and you could tell she honestly felt bad about the exchange. 

I will never come back to this place and I'll  tell everyone I know to avoid it. I've worked on Mill 15 years and have seen hundreds of restaurants fail over the years, I know this one won't last. Not with the absolute insolence and discourtesy they assault their customers with. 

(And they charge $5 bucks for chips and salsa - GET REAL)!
Never tried the food, but just wanted a beer. Happy Hour was long over at 6pm, but the sunset special saved the day - $2 corona's til the sun sets. The bar downstairs needs some more shade because the sun is pelting the back of your head at all hours of the day. Decent TV's though at the bar. I headed upstairs to polish off the beer and it has a simiiar view as the Rooftop Bar just up the street. Kinda looks Vegasy with the couches all around, but we are far from Vegas and this crowd looked more hip than tourist. Skinny Jeans hell. Still, a great view and good beer prices make this a decent new addition to Mill.
I have been to CASA several times and have always had great service along with great food. All th eemployees are very cheerful and want to help you in any way they can. I am a big fan!
Holy crap. So I ran in Pat's Run yesterday as part of a group of about 30. Coming here was planned ahead of time and we had the whole top patio reserved for us. It was fun lots of good people, the weather was perfect, we were all high on endorphins. So we're there, everyone's hungry and eager to relax, have a drink and eat some good food. I was starving, like ready to gnaw my own arm off for a bit of protein.
So we discover there is one server for our party and wait patiently for our orders to be taken. Finally it comes to our turn.  I'm not sure if I some how offended our server, or pissed her off, but she did not like me. I don't know why, I was sitting there talking with friends the whole time. I wasn't loud, wasn't complaining about anything, this was in fact the first interaction I had with her. We were all dressed the same so it's not like she could say my outfit offended her,  I just don't know what her deal was. She took the orders of the three people on my right, then the person directly across from me, and then the two people on my left and started to walk off. I said "excuse me" twice and was not acknowledged. Someone else at in the group I was sitting with had to physically tap her on the shoulder and tell her to take my order. She did not apologize or even ask what she could get me. She stood there and stared at me. I placed my order and she walked off. A  few of us went down to the bar and ordered drinks, and then drank them and then stood there and waited...and waited...and waited. About 45 minutes after we ordered we noticed that people that ordered after us were getting their food. The food looked really good too. Big sandwiches, big burritos, and big bowls, which is what I ordered. The bowl was served in one of those Chinese take out boxes and consisted of eggs, meat (bacon, ham or chorizo), potatoes, onions and peppers and were full to the brim. So finally our server comes around and takes our drink orders. Another 15 minutes go by AND WE GOT FOOD!!! Well, everyone I was sitting with got food. I did not. I had started to notice that the portions were getting smaller and smaller. So everyone starts to eat and our drinks come out. Again, everyone but mine. 
Finally my food comes out after everyone I was with had finished their meals. 75 minutes after I ordered I finally had my food.The Chinese takeout box was less than half full and was getting cold. The bacon was limp and clumped together, the food was bland and tasteless. No salt and pepper, no flavor. Even the bacon was bland. THE BACON was bland! BACON! Ugh.I ate half. Still had no drink. By this point I was grumpy, hungry and defeated. I don't get it. I don't know what the deal was but  it is safe to say that I would never come back here.
Amazing patio. Great food. I particularly like the 6th St. Salad and vegan crane asada burrito. Wonderful staff.
I love this place! One of the top bars in the Millverse. Great people and good food.
I've been there twice and had very poor service both times.  I also got food poisoning from one of their salads this past weekend.  I will never go back!  Read the worst reviews posted here.  They may sound like horror stories but they are the average customer experience at CASA.  Stay away!
Wow...I wanted to like this place...It is ascetically pleasing but thats about it...We went for drinks on a Sunday night as I had some friends in from out of town...Weak watered down over priced drinks...The bartender informed me to order a double as it would be a better deal..So I do...and what does this guy do...pours the exact same amount of liquor in my drink than the previous one that was a single... What a dickhead the bartender was...Watching him awkwardly dance to shitty house music was about his only redeeming quality...Also our drink prices changed depending on who went up to order...Good luck casa...I don't know what kind of demographic you think your serving...You can't charge Scottsdale prices on Mill and last...
I've got to dock this place one star. I absolutely HATE when people knock a new restaurant for bad service. It's inevitable that a brand new spot will have some growing pains while training everyone, dealing with turnover, figuring out the menu, the p.o.s., etc. So, I didn't begrudge C.A.S.A. some pretty bad service to start.

The thing is though, it hasn't improved over the last few months. I'd like to preface this by saying there are a few nice, competent, friendly servers there (they're both brunette women - try to sit in their section), but the majority of the servers are just bad. I doubt many of their servers have prior serving experience as many of them only perform one task at a time. Let me explain. We (a group of two) arrived at the same time as the table next to us. The server greeted them, took their drink order, put it in and WAITED AT THE BAR for the drinks to be made before giving them their drinks and making his way over to us. You don't have to be a career server to know that this is a massive waste of time. The restaurant was absolutely empty - dude had two tables - yet he managed to simulate the experience of dining at an overcrowded and understaffed restaurant.

In addition to the bad service, the food has gotten worse. The vegan carne asada was so ridiculously good the first time I ate at C.A.S.A., but it seems to get drier, blander, and smaller every time we come. Unfortunately, it doesn't look like we'll be back too often.
Although I am only giving it 3-Stars and could find a list of things that are awfully wrong with it, I'm going back! 

I had read the bad reviews about the service...blah blah blah...but they are true.  Its not just that one bad server is destroying the whole place. The whole bar is a mess.

Bad things: 
1.  Girls Softball playing on every screen when the NBA playoffs are on?  wtf?
2.  Mojitos took forever! 
3.  Street Tacos took even longer!  damn.  But then we found out our server forgot to ring them in. nice. 
4. Service was so random and they couldn't decide who was taking our table.  When we left, we still didn't know who our server was. 
5.  This is listed as a "tapas" restaurant on Yelp but most definitely is not.  It just has a random assortment of California-type Mexican food items.  
6.  They have so many staff memebers/security guards on that its overwhelming.  I understand the owner is trying to prepare for the unexpected but damn, just get competent ppl and not an army of...well....you know.  

Good things: 
1.  The mojitos that took forever were great!
2.  The HH prices are good enough to get me back. 
3.  The location is awesome.  


I really hope they get it together.
If you are on Mill Ave looking for a place to eat.....keep on walking!
There are far better places to go to than C.A.S.A.  It does look inviting and I had a totally different experience when I 1st went there, but my 2nd time....I will never go back.  We came with a group for a birthday lunch and a few of us already experienced the food and ambience, so we were excited to have a birthday lunch and let everyone in on the positive experience.  Holy Moly....with the exception of our waitress the service right down to chef Joey and the management staff was HORRIBLE.  The food presentation on ONE order was not up to par and that ONE order made this whole experience unexpectedly bad.  The veggie rice bowl was ridiculous in every aspect.  When it came out it looked like crap.  When the person questioned the order....OMG, chef Joey stormed out....and copped an attitude.  
How dare we....
It was so ridiculous it was almost entertaining.  He could barely contain himself when we questioned the veggie rice bowl.  I think he watched way too many Chef Gordon Ramsey shows.  Look at Sunny B's write up...then look at her pictures.  You will see what I mean.  Joey was so unprofessional, ready to fight and so unwilling to rectify the situation.  To make matters worst management came over to inquire about the situation and did nothing.  Not only did they not give any options or did not take the veggie rice bowl off the tab, it was a bad experience that 8 of us encounter and the 8 of will never come back.  Oh. Believe me we are telling our friends and co-workers avoid this place....because you don't want  to deal with Joey storming out of the kitchen!
I originally gave C.A.S.A. 5 stars taking into consideration that they were brand new (only open a week or two when I went) and probably had some kinks to work out. Maybe they didn't expect so much traffic. Maybe they were still training the staff. 

Well I've been back five times since then. I have had horrible service every single time. The food is still good, but not half as good as it was the first time. The first time I went the vegan carne asada was juicy and heavily marinated. But the last couple times it's barely been marinated at all. Between the excessive amount of incompetent servers on the floor and the annoying amount of off-duty employees sucking down cocktails at the bar, there's typically around 15 servers downstairs at a time. And yet it still takes 10 minutes to order my first drink. 

Many of the servers do that annoying thing where they can only handle doing one thing at a time, even if it's grabbing water for a table with full drinks while another table has been waiting ten minutes for a cocktail that's melting at the edge of the bar. For god sake, please learn to multi task and prioritize. 

What's Still Good:
* Patio
* Cocktails
* Prices
* Vegan options
* Food 
* Friendliness

What Sucks:
* Service
* Food is not as good as it used to be 
* Bro vibe
* Epic amounts of looming employees
We visited early on a bit of a cool day and the misters were blasting over almost every table and chair in the entire place. After we finally located a place that was relatively dry, someone finally did shut them off. We had some annoying flies swarming us, especially after the food arrived, which was not pleasant. Our server was working for the first day and did a decent job, especially considering that he had clearly not been trained. We only had one round of drinks, which isn't enough to judge the quality of the bar. However, I get the impression that this is a bar first and foremost, rather than an eatery. Aside from these points, the general location and outlay are quite nice, especially for downtown events around Mill. 

Yet, I would not recommend this as a place to eat. While the food is cheap and different from your typical bar burger, it was a bit on the bland side. However, the small bits of carne asada that I got were very tasty. If they could increase the size of the tiny bits of meat and build the meals more around it, they could probably have some pretty good dishes. The chips and salsa were also pretty good. Our server nicely brought us a squeeze bottle of the salsa to use, rather than the tiny plastic cups that we started with.
Went with a group of co-workers for lunch.  Patio was didn't have enough space for our large group as there were only a few tables open so we sat inside.  The service was relatively slow but done with a smile.  Our drinks took awhile to arrive and they screwed up two of our orders, one minor and one major that caused that person to get their food very late.  They were apologetic but didn't offer anything in the way of discount or free dessert.

Several of us ordered the mac and cheese burrito because it sounded amazing.  Was tasty, but very filling.  The chips and salsa was tasty and while we ordered just one portion it was enough for the whole table to try some.  Salsa was tangy and had a little heat.  Most of the group enjoyed their food although some at the other of the end of the table were not as pleased but I couldn't speak to why.

Overall not a bad place to eat but not good if you are in a time crunch. Probably won't be back for awhile but I can see really wanting to have that burrito again some day.
It's rare I give 5 stars, but the tacos here are great. Good service, better music. 

Unfortunately, I'm going to go with a 4 star review because the Moscow Mule drink that I received was flat. But I'm willing to give it another shot due to good service.
The chips and salsa here are great.  The salsa is homemade and you can taste it.  Second, the atmosphere and location are casual and convenient.  That's the end of the positives.

As for the rest of the food, the carne asada tacos were made with "home made" tortillas that tasted 3 days old and meat that was cooked 3 times as long as necessary.  It was like beef jerky wrapped in a dry corn husk.  The mojito was incredibly weak and had not a hint of rum.  The pastor sandwich was ok but forgettable. 

The management was worst of all.  We were told by our server upon arrival that it was happy hour and beers were half off.  When we received our bill, beers were full price.  When the server was confronted he apologized and spoke with the manager; he returned to us saying there was nothing he could do and he fought for us.  The manager never stopped by the table or said a word to our table about the miscommunication.  Whoever the manager was today should be fired and ashamed for being a coward; you're an embarrassment.

Bottom Line:  do not go here.  Take your money and go anywhere else.
Cool spot on Thursday nights. House music and not too packed of a crowd but not an empty atmosphere feeling. 2 for 1 drinks and DJ is a damn cool bartender.
I love stopping by CASA on their outside balcony because you get a great view of Mill Ave and they have great specials. The special that reels us in time and time again is the $2 Coronas before sunset. We always make it right before sunset so we try to get as many beers as we can before they cut us off. It's nice sitting on the balcony sippin on some beers watching the sunset over Mill Ave. You gotta get them at the bar downstairs but we've ordered on the balcony and the bartender brings it up. (we just tipped a little better). We have tried their tacos, they are alright...pretty small but they're pretty cheap so you get what you pay for. Great spot for day drinking and I'd say a great deal if you are looking for a happy hour or a place with drink specials,
Love this place! The homemade salsa is amazing and the atmosphere of this place is super laid back and inviting. I ordered the chicken burrito bowl- delicious. I have also had the pleasure of enjoying their famous Mac n cheese burrito... AMAZING! The service was great; our waiter, Thomas, was very attentive and on point. 


If you enjoy awesome and creative food and delicious drinks then C.A.S.A. is for you! Forgot about these haters and create your own experience and opinion.
Stopped in here one night during our Mill bar hopping. They had a live DJ and the drinks were good. If more people were here in this interesting little place, I think it'd be pretty fun.

Ask for bartender Mike.
I was bar hopping on Mill with my boyfriend this past weekend and we figured we would give CASA a try. We approached the bartender and asked if they had any specials, he told us to walk down past the two food joints and CASA had a new extended bar with 2 for 1 drinks. We quickly rushed over there to find a pretty laid back bar with plenty of space and a pretty good DJ. We ordered whiskey diets, which were $5 for TWO! Had a seat outside and quickly called all of our friends. This place definitely will be packed in the following weekends. You can't beat a good atmosphere and 2 for 1s. Awesome spot.
While back in Tempe for work a couple weeks ago, one of my employees and I were looking for a place to eat dinner before I had to catch a flight to Milwaukee.  I told her that we had to walk over to where Chronic Taco used to be for a moment of silence (check out my review on Chronic Taco.)  There appeared to be a business there, but we weren't sure it was open until a young man outside told us that since we were standing there, we HAD to come in.

Wow, am I ever glad that we followed his advice!

The place looks completely different from Chronic Taco (same owners, though, I'm told) and is a totally different vibe.  Since it was a Monday night during the sweltering heat that is Arizona in July, the place wasn't busy.  The very friendly (and hot) bartender told us we could sit wherever and brought us menus.  That's when I saw it....

MAC AND CHEESE BURRITO!  AHHHHHHHHHH!

Being from Wisconsin, seeing that made me very happy.  The fact that they had a vegan version made my employee happy, since she is vegan.  We both ordered ours with carne asada (mine real, hers fake) and it was by far the most delicious thing I've had in a long time.  The salsa in a bottle was heaven- great flavor, without too much cilantro, which is good, because I'm one of those rare people that cannot stand the taste of cilantro.

The only reason that I'm going with 4 stars here, instead of 5 is that had that guy not been outside to tell me that C.A.S.A. was there and open, we probably would have gone someplace else (and missed out on the heavenly mac and cheese burrito.)  There is nothing outside to lure you in.... but don't worry, I will be telling everyone how much I love it and can't wait to go back to Arizona.... which will NEVER be in July again.
I loved this place! I got the guacamole, which was delicious and way above average. For my entrée, I got the Vegan Carne Asada with added portabellas-it was nothing short of awesome! There was a great selection of beers on tap, as well and the bartender was super friendly and the service great. This will be the first place I visit the next time I'm in town.
This place is awesome! Great service, great food, nice and refreshing place to hang out! Oh and the server Thomas is absolutely fabulous!!
I don't know what the deal is with the low reviews, this place is great. My favorite on mill. During the day they've got half off of their 20 drafts on tap, and $5 mojitos. The vegan food is great too, I always get the quesadilla with portobello. Good music playing too. 

Oh and the salsa is so good.
The only reason I'm giving C.A.S.A 2 stars is because the outside patio is an awesome place to go hang out during the day - good food, good drinks, great staff.

At night (at least in the lounge) I will NEVER go back. I payed $6 for a margarita and it tasted like straight ass. You are a professional establishment...how do you mess up something as easy as a margarita? That shit was undrinkable. It somewhat resembled a combination of milk and orange juice. When I asked the bartender to taste it, he refused and just poured another shot into it and told me to quit complaining. Pouring more tequila in it is not going to make it taste better. I'm not one to complain but it really was that bad. Both myself and my friends that I was with ended up leaving pretty much our entire drinks.

Bottom line: you are a Mexican restaraunt and you still managed to fuck up something near and dear to my heart.
Stopped by after work, looking for someplace new and was pleasantly surprised. 1) It was Taco Tuesday, $1 street tacos 2) On Tuesdays happy hour is extended until 8pm 3) The Reggae/Island music selection set the mood 4) Service was fantastic 5) Caipirinha cocktails for $5 are great. Will definitely return to try the other dishes!
Whoa - this place really has hit or miss reviews! Luckily, the day some friends and I went, it was a hit.

Here's what I loved:
* Great location on Mill Ave
* Comfy patio
* Helpful servers
* Good cocktails
* Bandidas - delicious sandwiches! (get the ham; trust me on this one)

Everything was a bit pricey, but with so many positives, I can overlook that.
The worst!  I ate here a lot when it was Chronic Taco and had great service and food.  We had to wait 45 minutes for our meal and we were table checked one time.   I ordered what they called Ceviche, that was gazpacho that they served with ONE piece of shrimp!  Too many places on Mill Ave. to find a better dining experience than to waste my time and money here.
My salad with Chorizo was delicious and well priced. My coworkers loved their Mac and cheese and salad too. Service was excellent. Our server made a coffee run to get me some iced coffee. It was so nice. I don't know why this place has such low stars. The atmosphere was great too and the patio was packed on a Tuesday afternoon.
Casa is a pretty cool place
All patio bar, too and bottom floor
I didn't notice until last week that they have a lounge on the East side of the building, I will have to check that out. The Mojitos at Casa are really good and the bartenders are very nice and friendly. The crowd that goes to Casa varies but mostly younger college 20 year olds. Seating can also be a hit or miss depending on the day. Will have to come back to try the street tacos.
Bad service and food could be good if they actually included all the ingredients.. From what I have heard the Mac n cheese burrito is the only thing worth eating here. We had the Carne asada burrito and the casa chicken. The carne asada burrito is just chopped beef with Taco seasoning you buy from Walmart and that's about it, maybe it could be better if all the ingredients were in it. The casa chicken was again missing ingredients but much better than the burrito. This is my personal experience try whatever you want maybe you will have better luck. :)
Awful. The only decent thing about this place is the set up (cool upper deck seating with a nice view). This is the ONLY good thing about his place. I went in last night for dinner and was blown away with the awful service. We were not greeted. Sat ourselves upstairs (as the "bartender" sat behind the bar and texted) we sat without menus or being greeted for 5 min. I then had to ask for a menu, was given one menu (for two of us and no drink list). After we looked over the menu still no server in sight... We waited another five min before I had to get up walk down stairs and ask for two waters myself. Again we waited... FINALLY our server (who was nice but seemed to be totally lost) showed up. We asked for a drink list which took another five min. Still no drink list... Asked again and finally she brought it up to our table. 

We ordered our food, still no drinks.. About five minuets later we finally received our beers. The food arrived shortly after which surprised me since everything else took forever.. The only problem was we were not given any utensils,  no napkins, no side plates. Had to ask the server to bring all theses things. After a few minuets she returned and I took my first bite of our carne asada tacos... They were cold, not just a little chilly, it seemed like they were sitting in a fridge prior, the meat was bland and cold and the tortillas were stale and also cold. We also ordered a grilled chicken burrito. It was terrible, once again it was cold. At this point I was just so confused and told myself they couldn't possibly mess up the tortilla chips until I tried one. The chips were drenched with salt, I'm not talking a little too much salt I'm talking about chips COVERED in salt. They were awful and inedible. 

I'm so disappointed everything we ordered was just pathetic. I asked our server for our tab as soon as she was in sight and asked nicely to speak with a manager. A manager came up and I informed his of how awful the food was and also told him that the staff should be a little more aware of their surroundings. I work in this business and I know how it important it is for everyone to work together.. This includes the front and back of house including managers. I felt like the servers and bartenders were not trained correctly and the manager I spoke with totally agreed. I don't remember his name but I know he is the bar manager. 

***Note to the owners of this place. LISTEN to your bar manager he seems to know where the problems are and he seems to really care about making changes to better this place. Your staff really needs to get on the same page and work as a team. I won't be back, and if things don't change soon I recommend their bar manager leave for a place that will last. Without a strong team there's nothing. 

Very disappointed I was excited to try this place.
Fantastic patio delicious food. Loved the Green Chili Chicken Bowl and would go back in a heartbeat.
Nothing special here. I've been here a few times for happy hour and can't say I've been impressed on any account. I like the concept of the outdoor bar but the service has been sub par in my experience. Don't be fooled by the $1.50 tacos; they come in bite sized portions. I'd recommend trying something else in the area.
I love this place!  Have been here several times now and it is an awesome outdoor 2-story bar with great music all the time! I'm giving this place 4 stars more for the atmosphere and bar.  Food is good with a twist on the Mexican side.  Carne asada is a little salty so I would steer away from that.

All I can say is margarita, margarita and margarita. They are so delicious. Mojito's are also on my list to try! Great place on Mill!
Please stop by c.a.s.a. and see for your self their food is amazing, Mac n cheese burrito with carnitas is to die for, OG burger with a fried egg is the best burger I have ever had no joke, c.a.s.a. loaded fries are crazy good just picture it string fries topped with a four cheese sauce, black beans, pico de gallo, carnitas(shredded pork), bacon and a jalapeño sour cream....mmmmm. Or how about a fresh fruit mojito nice and strong with premium rum. I recommend the rasbery mojito and the orange and cucumber mojito, or how about their 3 amigos premium margarita only 4 dollars. Shots of fireball for only 3 dollars, or a shot of Don Julio blanco for only 5 bucks, you can get a beer and a shot for only seven bucks cant beat that they even have a sky bar on the upper deck where you can get many different sky fusion flavors for only 3 dollars, this is my favorite spot.
Food & drinks are overpriced, service is shoddy, only redeeming factor is the location/setup.
Only giving this place 1 star because I can't give then 0. Been here multiple times and each time was extremely disappointed. Expensive drinks, poor service, and food is nothing special. This place has great potential with its location but needs a change.
Checked in here Saturday night, just getting around to the review today. Probably best for C.A.S.A that I let me steam simmer down two days before writing the review. It was an overall bad experience, the only thing that I can compliment the establishment on is the great heaters they have. Those bad boys kept the whole patio toasty. Service was so/so, nothing to complain about. Over priced drinks, small food portions (small price tag however), and bad customer service from the other staff besides our waitress. The bar staff and the security must not have realized we spent a good 300 dollars there as a group that night because they treated us like they wanted us gone. The place has great intentions, just not quite there yet.
Used to love this place but the service has gone way down. Many of the servers have bad attitudes and wont come take your order even when they aren't busy. My friends and I sat at a table right across from the bar and didn't get any service. We had to go to the bar for menus but even after that no one came to get our drink order.
Love this bar going to rage extremely hard and these guys support my drinking habits!!!
Stopped in for breakfast, inside dining was closed just the patio was open. It was 30 degrees in Tempe this morning, I did not want to sit outside. I was so happy when they accomedated us to sit inside, they even went outside to the patio area and got us some coffee. Great staff and the breakfast burrito was yummy. I will go back again.
Great party place in Tempe. Good help, friendly and a great place to watch football on the weekend.
the host was nice! But we got a table they had no drinks on the 2nd bar the person never came back to take our order we wanted to order drinks/food and she saw us but just kept talking to some random person and ran out of water! ya water! so we left!! 

Never going back sorry
Multiple vegan options. An some are unusual, like a vegan carne asada as well as vegan quesadilla. We had both. It was a lot of food. And the homemade salsa has some heat. Recommended.
The food here used to be great but has gone way downhill in recent months. The music is way too loud. Otherwise it would be a good place to have drinks with friends. As is, it's so loud that I can't really take friends there for a drink after work.

It's a real shame because they have an awesome location and a nice patio.
Wow What a Terrible Terrible place! Please do not go here!! My boyfriend and I wanted to grab a few bites to eat so walked down mill and I liked the outiside patio feel so we decided on that.  We ordered our food and we each got a specialty cocktail, I had a mojito which was actually pretty good and my boyfriend had some sort of fruity caiprihana, nonetheless he didnt like it and was so strong it over powered the taste.  Thats really not a big deal to me but what was so horrible is what happened after we asked our waitress if we could order something else for him, a few minutes later she was walking back with what I assumed was the bar manager DJ, well the way he marched down to our table holding the drink it was beyond obvious he was looking for a fight.  He started to argue with us over the drink and asking why we didnt like it, and actually told us that these are "$10" cocktails that you cant just send back while throwing the cocktail menu down on the table, umm what happened to customer service??  And he acted like we were some teenagers looking for a free drink, I've lived in plenty of places where the drinks are more than $10 so the fact that he had to mention the price showed me how pathetic this place is.  After about 5 minutes of back and forth arguing, and mind you so loud that I'm sure the other patrons could hear we asked him to take off the drink and left as soon as we could.  I couldnt even finish my food.  Please stay away from this place, I cant even believe this place is still in business after the horrible customer service we've experienced!
Quant bar/restaurant in downtown Tempe. I sat upstairs on the patio. Great view up there. The nacho fries is a must. Wouldn't think these would be so good but you have to order these. The ceviche was good and it was taco Tuesday $1 tacos. These were very good as well!  Great place
I was so excited to try this place until I walked in. First of all, no one greeted us or said hello. My friend and I were awkwardly stared at by the staff as we sat ourselves. We then waited at our table for 15 minutes before having to get up and asked to be served. When the waitress finally came to our table I was shocked at how little she knew about the food. When she came back with our food we had to find our own plates and silverware. To top it all of the food was horrible and over priced. So disappointed in this place. I do not recommend it to anyone who is looking for a a decent dining experience.
Fun, casual restaurant.  Friendly staff, Good vegan options, nice drink menu. I would definitely return here when in Phoenix
This restaurant has always been one of my favorites. It has been through three transformations by the same owners. As a burrito shop, it was one of the best. I was a little disappointed when they restructured it to be C.A.S.A., but quickly fell in love with their unique sandwiches. Our work time crew frequently suggested this restaurant for lunch. We indulged in sandwiches such as The Fidel, and their amazing OG Burger ... until today. This is their first day of a new menu consisting mostly of burritos. Our lunch party was shocked. Our favorite selections were now gone, and in its place were several burrito choices. My choice was the #11 Chinese Buffet. A burrito with fried rice, spring rolls, and orange fried chicken. Sounds glorious right? The rice did not taste good, and there was too much of it. The orange chicken was good, but I was set off by the spring roles that remind me of the sort you find at the grocery store. The rest of my party of 6 were not impressed by their selections either. The only approval was a co-worker who selected the BBQ chicken with coleslaw and macaroni and cheese. This, is possibly the only edible thing on the menu. 

Had they taken contents of the old menu, and put them in burrito form, it may have been acceptable. The Fidel in a burrito? OG Burger with fried egg in a burrito? Glorious.

Enough about the food. There were some other issues. This is the first day of their menu, so some of this MAY be somewhat excusable. Our food took a long time, with one of our party waiting over 15 minutes for his meal while the rest of the group was eating. You would think that on their first day of a new menu, they would ask their regulars for input.

C.A.S.A. is now removed from our selection of lunch-time restaurants.
Oh my goodness, the steak burrito is to die for.  After a hard day's work, I come in for a thirst quenching Epicenter Amber Ale and then add in the steak burrito, chips and salsa.  The chips and salsa were pretty good.  For $2, it was actually great!  The steak burrito itself, I never tasted a burrito like that.  Food was awesome!!
The bar and atmosphere was whatever, but I give this place 5 stars for service. Came out to Phoenix for a road trip and have been getting crap service everywhere we went. Casa was a thankful refresher from that. Our server was Amber and she was absolutely amazing. She was constantly checking on us and was more than friendly about different places to go and see. Not sure if the other servers are as good as her, but she was the best.
Terrible I waited with my friend for 20 min. Could not even get a hello and we sat in the middle of the bar in front of 3 bartenders. Worst ever so we moved on. Over crowded and over rated. I would skip this stop.
Found this place by accident returning from the Tempe Art Festival. What a hidden gem. We stopped by because the were not overcrowded with Festival goers and it was on our way back to our car. What a surprise!  I ordered the Chinese Takeout Burrito which consisted of crispy Sweet and Sour Chicken, fried rice and spring rolls all inside a flour (or wheat) tortilla. It was huge and wonderful tasting.  I would have loved each item individually but it was extra special in the tortilla.  Nothing was mushy or mashed together. I would order this in a heartbeat. 

My hubby got the teriyaki chicken burrito and said it was fantastic.  We are definitely going to make a special trip from Gilbert to have lunch. 

Be aware that this is inside a dark bar but understand there is outside seating. Definitely worth a try. The. Young chef is brilliant. Congrats.

Went there with hubby and chef friend today. Again the food was great but the music was excessively loud and we could not hear to talk.
Wow the chicken caesar was so good and all that I wanted from a wrap and more!! Great service and great food :)
Don't expect good service here.  This was my third time is the charm visit and they failed.  We sat there with empty glasses at the bar and got passed for 20 min.  When we finally asked for our check it took another 15 min.  I'd go into detail about my previous times here but it's not worth it.  I'll just say this was right on par.  So long CASA.
What happened to this place?! Completely changed their menu to not appetizing food and now the margaritas come out of tap!!! Also, the waitress wouldn't take our food order, said we had to go to the bar. Excuse me? You won't take our food order, just the drinks?

Very unfortunate because this used to be our go to place.
C.A.S.A. how I have tried to like you. I would say I've been there 30+ times and certainly more than that if you consider it's previous life as Chronic Taco (same owner, same problems). For the purpose of this review I will stick to the outside bar since that is where I have spent of the majority of my time. 

I will start out with the one positive that the food here is fairly decent for inexpensive bar food. They have a creative twist on several entrees that make it worth the occasional stop in. 

Location-wise the sun makes it difficult to enjoy this place year around and it can be down right blinding during sunset. Location isn't what really kills this place though. It is the lack of any operational savvy by the management team and disengaged owner. I certainly see Scotty there fairly often but he never seems very interested in anyone other then his friends. I often joke when I get dragged here that they will certainly mess up my drink run out of a key ingredient (like soda water) or just in general make a mistake. However, it's not even the mistakes that kill this place for me. It's the horribly rude bartenders and managers. It's so bad it's almost funny. They give me someone else's credit card back and glare at me like it's my fault ? Ok C.A.S.A. . I've tried. I hope you are successful, but I just can't come here anymore.
YUM. I eat here at least once a week because  cant get enough of the Humanitarian which is grilled veggies, hummus, and chicken.  They  usually have a neat craft beer to offer. . We usually have Brittany as our server and she rocks the house They have switched to an all burrito menu and the concepts are pretty unique.. I like the fact that you can for go the tortilla and just eat the filling. Their green chili mac and cheese is to DIE FOR. The chef  even comes  table side to ensure you've enjoyed your meal. They did make some changes but life is about change and the food is good enough to adapt.
This place has a great location, and the bbq chicken/mac and cheese burrito is delicious. The drinks are fairly cheap and they have happy hour specials.
Now for the downside...The service is atrocious. 5 times in a row that I've been here, I couldn't get a waitress. I got up and left two times, the other times I had to order at the bar and take everything back to the table. 
So in summary, good food, good prices, but unless you plan on tackling a waitress, just save yourself some time and order directly from the bar.
If someone would just go in and train the wait staff properly, this place would be great.
This place never fails at being just terrible. Don't get me wrong, love the mojitos, but dang is the service just BAD. I always try to give it the benefit of the doubt thinking that they have GOT to have things figured out by now, but I am always wrong. Always. 

Shall I explain why? Oh ok, if you insist. 

One of the first times I was there, I ordered a salad. Waited 10 min for silverware. 2 of the MAIN ingredients were not present (pomegranates and avocado) . When I asked why they said they were out of pomegranates, and didn't know why the avocado wasn't on it. So they bring me the avocado, and might I add that it was 10 minutes AFTER I finished the wimpy salad. When I get my bill, guess what I was charged for...A SIDE OF AVOCADO. I voiced my issues to my server, and then never saw him again. Then drinks took forever, when it was not even busy. I just had it. I have never been so baffled with the service at a restaurant so I asked to speak to the manager just simply to tell him how things were going so he was aware of how things were being handled. Let's just say he wasn't good with constructive confrontation. 

Went there the other day and had the same lousy experience. BUT I do want to say that our server JAMILA was really nice and on top of things for our table. 

Just a few side notes of things that surprised me. 

1. 3 dollars for ROX. 
2. Signage of deals for the day/hour are not clear. 
3. The amount of ice they crush into the glass is very overwhelming. We ordered the buckets and it was all ice! I was bummed with how much of a buzz I didn't experience.
I am sitting here as I type this.   I finally got a beer after 8 minutes of sitting at the bar  -- they are NOT busy.   I waited another bunch of minutes to get bartender to take my food order .    A whole bunch of employees just talking to one another.  Wish I left instead of torturing myself with this social experiment.    Spend you money somewhere else.

I will say the food was very good.
CASA is a disappointment.  It's really hard to understand how the managers of this place can allow such inept staff.  The bar itself is perfectly situated in the heart of tempe and is composed entirely of patio seats.  You would think that you really couldn't go wrong with a setup like this in sunny Tempe, AZ. 

Service:  Unfortunately, the owners/managers have decided on a staff of security and bar tenders who would rather talk to each other then make sure that their guests are enjoying themselves.  Their waitress although pleasant and apologetic cannot seem to get you a drink in under 15 minutes and will likely forget an item or two off your order.  I don't know if they are woefully understaffed or they are just slowed down due to their chatty staff and the fact that their kitchen is actually located at a neighboring bar two doors down!

Drinks:  It truly is a shame their staff is terrible because their drinks can be quite good.  I love their mojito I just don't when or if I will actually get one do to their ineffective staff

Food:  Their food is a big miss.  Basically they have decided to take random cuisines and repurpose them as burritos.  Fettuccine Alfredo burrito?  Thanksgiving dinner burrito?  Chicken in broccoli maybe? I really don't know what they are thinking.

This location has so much promise I hope the management can turn it around but after visiting this place 4 or 5 times it doesn't look like it's going to happen.
I love this place...I've been here 3 times now, and love introducing it to new people. The burritos are awesome and I enjoy the staff. To be fair, you have to dig the vibe they give. If you're expecting a fancy, sit-down restaurant, don't come here. This is still a bar at the end of the day, and the most popular dive bar I've ever seen. I love it
Did you say $5 don Julio shots?????
 $4 margaritas????? You can bet your *** that anytime you come here you will hear this. To me that is music to my ears! Why? Oh because I LOVE tequila. Just no gold tequila unless it's in a margarita that's okay. 

Now if you are already feeling it from prior drinks elsewhere and are looking to eat this is a place to come when you have friends with you to sit upstairs and take it easy and knock some more drinks back.  Because during the time you wait depending on your waitress you might have to wait a bit you might not. Now when my friend and I went on Friday we weren't concerned really on how long it took between things until we wanted to pay for our tab. Apparently the waitress was down stairs serving as well. We easily could have ditched our tab in which my friend was saying we should do but since it was Friday the 13th I felt like we would get bad juju for something like that. So we had to search high and low for this waitress of ours and told another waitress we needed to leave right now and had to get our waitress then she came running. When you are working multiple tables on multiple levels I don't expect prompt service on a Friday night just a good place to come for drinks really because the Mac and cheese burrito is okay at best. Nothing spectacular just better drunk food then filibertos nonsense!
Great place to drink on the patio on a beautiful Phoenix day!  Great drink selection and friendly servers.
Just dropped in for a quick bite with a client. Hip vibe, with a tasteful interior. Books, zines, sofas, row of laptops (for public use?) all I had was the quiche which was a single serving size popping with pesto and sun dried tomato flavor atop a delicate crust. Also had a bite of a cookie that certainly had a home made flair to it. All and all great experience.
This place is great! Friendly service, free samples of the sides, reasonable prices and delicious vegan and non-vegan food! I had the BLT, and the bacon was absolutely perfectly cooked and had an amazing flavor! The babaganoush was a good smoky accompaniment to my sandwich. I also had the curry quinoa, which i could have eaten a bowl of, it was sweet and spicy and healthy. Finished with a warm cookie that tasted like the best cookies from home. I'm definitely coming back!
Thank you Bronze Café! The food is fresh, clean, flavorful and quick. In addition to great carnivore options it is a great for the plant based eater (vegan).  I had the Asian Marinated Kale Salad. I was not left wanting.  The co-owner, David, provided me with a tasting of the sides and they were delicious. There is definitely something for everyone.  I was provided a tasting of the vegan strawberry cheesecake and the vegan banana cream pie -WOW.  I now have a place to go when I am downtown for meetings or on the weekends.  Run by a Chef and it shows.  Their Grand Opening is tomorrow, April 6, 2013.  Other things of note: plenty of parking and delivery available soon to downtown businesses/locations(What a plus!), this is a grab and go location so no wait staff but some seating available inside and outside (no shade covers outside)  I have not sampled the coffees yet...headed back very soon with my soon to be husband as soon as he returns from his business trip!
Love the quality of the food, coffee and comfort of the space! This going to be a new favorite spot for healthy vegan choices!
UPDATE: 6-7-13 I have been coming here since inception and it just keeps getting better! I have dined in some of best restaurants in the world and the food here is 5 star. They owners have the magic ingredient...love.
If you are looking for the best, stop here!
Bronze Cafe at The Center is awesome! I went with my boyfriend and we both got the roasted veggie sandwich, with sides of hummus and babaganoosh, then shared the vegan strawberry cheesecake. Everything was delicious, and the staff were very friendly and knowledgeable.

I didn't get coffee this time, but I did try some of my boyfriend's and it was great. Bronze Cafe even makes their own almond milk!

This is a great cafe overall, but especially wonderful for vegans and vegetarians.
If you're one who is health conscience and worries about what you put into your body, or if you wanted to care about what you put into your body but were afraid to ask what, then make a stop to the Bronze Café.  Chef Peter and partner David have been feverishly working on opening just the right place to launch their healthy, gluten-free creations to those that have been craving them.  

Their menu is pure, simple and delicious featuring natural coffee's and tea's, sandwiches, salads, and pastries all made fresh and from scratch in the trendy downtown Las Vegas.

And while you get your taste on at their location inside the new LGBT Center, soon they will open a second location in the fashionable Arts District. 

Bottom line?  It's All Good at the Bronze Café.
I think I have found myself a new place for Vegan friendly cuisine without having to feel like an outcast for eating meat on most days. The service here is quick and incredibly friendly. 

At first we were confused because we thought it would be a sit down restaurant. Instead it is more like a cafe within the new LGBTQ Center. That is not a deterrent for me to come back here. I would love to find out if they do volunteer projects here because it would be another reason to eat here again.

The roasted vegan sandwich served on wheat bread is good, but I would change it out to the pita the next time. Add a side for $2 and it is a full meal. While we were hanging out, the staff came around with samples of their green smoothie. I am a huge fan of kale in my drinks. I do not care if it is the predominant flavor. Yet this one, you will not be able to taste the leafy bitter greens. The apples and banana sweetens it up to where it is undetectable. 

Now when are we going back?
This is my favorite cafe because of the healthy food, delicious drinks and Chef Peter and David.   I am always welcomed warmly and they are eager to share whatever yummy new dishes they are making plus they remembered my favorite drink by my 2nd visit- awesome!  Comfortable and open late hours (10pm!) it is within the LGBT Center which is a COMMUNITY center, open to the public in a neighborhood that really needs it.  You just may be inspired to volunteer yourself when surrounded by the motivated crowds usually meeting!

Favorite dishes you MUST try:
The LGBTQ sandwich
Farrow and Golden Beet side salads
"Cheesecake" any variety

The quality far surpass any chain coffeehouse and their friendly attitudes blow away any competition downtown!  Love Bronze Cafe!
Finally made it to the Bronze Cafe this morning. So very worth it!! Went with bf/yoga buddy and her mom, after really hard Bikrum, so we were hungry. We all had the roasted veggie pita, all vegan, it was perfect, came with a spring mix side salad, always a plus for me. Then we had the vegan strawberry cookie, fresh from the oven, I can hardly type just thinking of it. Big, soft, slightly crunchy on the bottom ( like it should be ) fresh strawberry's, absolutely a perfect cookie. Chef Peter was super friendly, and David, oh David, he brought us samples of vegan cheesecake, I think I love David :) Go, there, now.
FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!

Vegan, Raw Vegan, Gluten Free options available.  Carnivores, like me, can add chicken breast or turkey to veggie sandwiches and salads and there are turkey clubs & BLTs and the like available too.  The Asian Marinated Kale Salad with Grilled Chicken and the Curried Quinoa Salad are my favorites.

FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!

The deserts are amazing and inventive; vegan strawberry cookies & hot chocolate and marshmallow cookies just to give you an idea...

FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!

The coffee bar puts others to same.  Delicious coffee and tea options, hot and cold.  Oh, and smoothies!

FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!

Five four top tables for outside seating and five four top tables inside and plenty of sofa seating to stay and enjoy your meal or just as easy to take away if needed.

You'll be hard pressed to find a more welcoming environment downtown or in all of Las Vegas for that matter.  Chef Peter and David succeed making a connection to everyone they meet.  They will take the time to answer questions you may have about the menu and ingredients that may be unfamiliar.  

And in case you missed it, FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN.  I hate it when I'm going to Le Thai or EAT and I finally find a parking spot just to discover I have no change for the meters.  Happy to say that will never happen here.  

Bronze Cafe is located inside the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada.  The Center is a new state of the art facility serving the ENTIRE community and all are encouraged to visit.
Finally made it in for lunch today after hearing great things about it from left, right and centre.  Awesome food.  I ate the Tree of LIfe sandwich and my two friends had the southwest salad and the Bronze version of a BLT.  No one left a thing on the plate.  Lovely food, lovely service (they gave us lots of samples), lovely atmosphere. Oh, and loads of vegan selections.  Yum.
When a coworker said there was a new spot downtown that had good vegetarian and vegan offerings, and some really good salads (which is all I ever want in this heat!) I was super excited to try it. 

Parking was plentiful, and the cafe space inside The Center was bright, clean, inviting and comfortable. 

I chose the Good Earth Vegan sandwich and the cantaloupe and turmeric water. The Pita sandwich was huge, and loaded with mushrooms, egg plant, peppers, sprouts, lettuce, tomatoes and some amazing hummus. It was served with a nice, fresh little side salad with a lemony dressing on it. The quality was fantastic, and the price was quite reasonable. 

I'm already perusing the menu, deciding what I'm going to get when I go back.
The owner threw down when I walked in, stating, "We have the best bacon sandwich in Las Vegas!"  Wait, what???  

CHALLENGE!

Guess what?  They delivered!  Damn!  

I'll back VERY soon!
Wonderful place.  The staff was very friendly.  My friend Carl received a free drink for his birthday.  I had the watermelon chia which was DELICIOUS as well as the Tree of Life pita.  Both Vegan!  Great place...I highly recommend it!
Tree of Life Pita!!! Just as good the second time. Also tried the watermelon water, possibly the best thing I have had in a very long time :) Thanks Chef Peter and David
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! THE FOOD AND DRINKS ARE AMAZING!! 

We eat there or take out several times a week!!! = )

My personal favorites are the Good Earth sandwich on Pita - no mushrooms

The Whey too good for you shake and of course the strawberry cookie 

=)
This place is like The Beat coffeehouse downtown...if The Beat weren't trying so hard to be hip, and had better food. Don't get me wrong, I appreciate the Beat for what it is...but I like this place a million times better! BONUS: there's a sizeable FREE parking lot out front, which you will not find anywhere within a 10-mile radius of the Beat (unless you count the poor El Cortez, which isn't always free).

Here, you'll find REALLY good, healthy foodie-food in a solidly unpretentious atmosphere (and a solidly unpretentious neighborhood). The staff are generous to a fault, and will let you try samples of just about everything on the menu. I've eaten here a few times, and it has always been exceptional. Sandwiches, salads, sides, pastries and desserts...plus lots of fruit juices and a full coffee and espresso bar.

The restrooms are clean (unisex--beware), the parking is ample, and there's a bike rack out front. There's also an onsite internet cafe, reading library, and general chill-out space. It's sort of like a cross between your local library and a non-annoying independent coffehouse. 

Look at the other reviews here -- all 5-star! That should tell you something...this place rocks!
I wish that I had the words to express adequately just how special this place is.  As far as the wonderful food and impeccable and caring service are concerned, this review will "mirror" what others already have posted here on Yelp!  I encourage everyone to read them, as they are full of insights and examples as to why and how the food served here is full of passion, care and special ingredients.
Perhaps what I can add to the posts already here is my attempt to convey the social message and community mission of this dining destination which is literally the front door and welcoming station to institution dedicated to human rights, understanding, dialogue and education about many topics "ripe" with all sorts of implications and social controversy.

From the free wifi, to the community meeting rooms, to the wide variety of community partners in the "Center" of downtown Las Vegas' emergent neighborhoods which are in the midst of an urban renaissance.

The Bronze Cafe is deliberately designed to nourish the mind and the soul as well as the stomach.  It structured to engender discussion and understanding, as well as nourishment.  Its ownership and management have chosen very ambitious goals and responsibilities -- and they carry out these tasks with dignity, hospitality and professionalism.

Oh, and not incidentally, the food is awesome.  And, although I was just a "random" community member, as a welcomed member of Green Drinks Las Vegas at its monthly meeting last night hosted by the Bronze Cafe at The Center, I was honored to be treated to a wide "tasting menu" last night.   I and about 20 others at this community meeting were provided a number of sandwich and drink samples from this restaurant which is truly a community treasure on many levels.   I can assure you that everything without exception was delicious, full of healthy ingredients lovingly and expertly and professionally chosen with care.

Could I say more.  Probably.  But the point is that this business is special and I encourage others to take advantage of everything that it has to offer.
The best spot Downtown for lunch.  My beautiful wife brought me here for lunch.  She had the Guac & Mole sandwich.  The mole is made with sunflower seeds, raw cacao and chipotle.  It has some kick!  I had the California Turkey on ciabatta bread.  Both were very fresh and tasted great.  A good blend of flavors.

There's free WiFi here, a resource library for the community of books and movies on DVD, gender neutral bathrooms and the friendliest service in town.

We also ordered an oversized chocolate chip cookie (warmed up!) and she had the mango "cheesecake" (vegan/gluten free).  Both hits!  

Try their new drip coffee.  It tastes very smooth.  They brew it overnight cold for over 12 hours.  It makes a difference especially if love iced coffee.

Can't say enough good things about this place.  They welcome everyone, gay and straight, with fresh food, healthy treats and everything made in-house.

You really can not find any other place like it.  We like it better than vegan spots.

They do have plenty of options for those who are not vegan.  

Will be back to try more of their dessert selection and their unusual fresh waters like watermelon chia (similar to agua fresca).

As residents of DTLV, we are so happy this place opened up.  More options.  Cool!
Move over Red Velvet Cafe!  The Bronze Cafe is the business. The sandwiches and sides are fantastic--especially the LGBTQ and you cannot miss the fruit waters (get the peach mint before it runs out!).
Wow!  That was my first impression, and after trying all of the foods it was my second one as well!  My friend Tyson stopped by on opening week to try it out, and I was lucky enough to meet the owner.  He was very kind and interesting, which all came across in his food.  I had my camera on me so I took some photos so you can see for yourself!  With the selection of salads, sandwiches, drinks, and delicious raw deserts I'll definitely be taking my health conscious bikram yoga teacher sister next time we are in town!  It's tucked away in The Center, but if you are even thinking about trying it take my word for it: it's definitely worth the trip!
Very nice place.  My sandwich was excellent, it was a regular turkey sandwich with avocado, tomatoes, bla bla bla, but they put a very delicious lemon vinaigrette, that made all the difference.  The flavored waters are as delicious as the pastries they have behind the display.  Staff very friendly. Oh, and they have a LGBT library in the corner.  Just come and check it out for yourself.
I came to the Bronze Café a couple of days after missing one of the 89xxx events. Bobby Y. mentioned that the BLT was great so I was dying to try it. Also, since I work downtown and am in the public sector, the LBGT Center is very appealing to me.
Let me preface by saying I am not a big sandwich person. Additionally, lunch for me has to be hearty meal, which sandwiches are usually not. But nonetheless, a friend a I decided to check it out for lunch one day we weren't too famished. The Center is very nice, with ample parking and big, big windows. I think they could use a bit more vegetation outside, what with the white walls, white stones, white fences, etc. But it gives the place a nice, light, airy feeling. 

The Café is right at the entrance, and they have a couple of tables to enjoy your lunch at. We placed out order (LGBTQ for me) and since no tables were available, we took a seat at the lounge chairs in the back by the library. I can understand how they are trying to offer a community space to hang out at, what with the free Wi-Fi and comfy chairs, but really the tables should be for eating. People were taking their dear time, and although the chairs we sat at were comfy and there was a little table to place our food on, it would've been better to sit at a table. Just saying.

On to the food! The sandwich was THE BOMB! It was incredible! Best BLT I've ever had in my life. Period. Also, it looks like a small portion but I ended up very satisfied at the end. My only complaint would be that the tomatoes could've been a bit more ripe but other than that is was delicious and I will definitely be coming back, and often!
First you walk in thinking its an office building.... And once inside super delightful. Warm, friendly the entire staff is amazing. David - I just couldn't get enough of him (I think he's the owner )  We got the "LGBTQ" sandwich.... Freakin amazing. And for dessert strawberry vegan cheesecake. Yup!!!! And it was honestly one if the best cheesecakes I have ever had. 
The only suggestion for being open so early is to provide a breakfast sandwich. 

You must go!!!!
Perfect Service
The LGBLT is one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth! Leave your house NOW and go get one! They are always changing items, but the sandwiches stay the same, thank God!
 The service was awesome, and i would give more than 5 stars if it didn't feel like eating in a Doctors waiting room. Podiatrist, to be specific.
 The food is good, Gluten Free, Dairy free chocies, and a lot of healthy sides.
 New innovative drinks, everything we had was good.
 A little expensive, but the LGBLT!     Must.    Eat.
Seriously.... Seriously.
Good prices, AMAZING food, cute and friendly people. What more could you ask for?
I never feel bad after eating here and I want to take pictures of everything I eat. I don't, maybe because I would be embarrassed or maybe because I devour it before I could ever have time to photograph it. Either way, I'm in looooove.
The cafe gave me flashbacks to my college days with all the books, couches, and computers. 
The cafe has many healthy options to chose from: salad, sandwiches, soups, deserts, and drinks. 
The staff was friendly and pleasant.
I had a sandwich and green drink. I just wasn't blown away enough by either to justify the price. A sandwich for 10$ better be one of the best I've ever had. It was good, but not great.
We had our Yelp Book Club meeting in the great room of the Center last night.  This was my first time here and I needed my iPhone to guide me to the Center.

I got a vanilla blended drink with a hot of espresso.  Quite tasty and very refreshing.  Had I looked at the menu more closely, I would have gotten an iced chai tea latte.  Oh well, if I'm in the area for some reason, I'll stop and get one of the sandwiches people rave about and the chai tea.

The Great Room was a good place for the book club discussion.  Our number was small--2--but Paolo and I had a good chat about the book "Fresh Off the Boat."  There are a good number of tables, the seating is quite comfortable, and it was a fairly quiet place until just before we left when there were a number of kids around and the computers behind us were all being used.

It's a very busy place with a lot going on at the Center.
I'd heard so many great things about The Bronze Cafe, I had high expectations for my first visit. I was not disappointed. 

Each of the fresh water/juices I sampled was delicious as refreshing. I choose the watermelon with chia seeds - healthy and tasty. For my lunch I had the Good Earth pita sandwich - again, healthy, very tasty, and filling. For dessert (I had to) the matcha green tea vegan cheesecake was flavorful, lighter than regular cheesecake, and not too sweet. 

I would gladly eat here regularly.
Hands down the best vegan food I have had to date so far. Not only was the food AMAZING and fresh and oh so yummy,  the staff was the friendliest ever! They have flavored fruit waters, desserts, coffee, salads, sandwiches and all looked so good! The owner/chef Peter was so friendly and humbled at our compliments. I can't wait to go back next time we are in Las Vegas!
My first time eating a Vegan meal and I was absolutely IMPRESSED! Had the "Its the Bizness" with spicy chick peas, curried quinoa and beet salad. Sampled both the green tea raw vegan cheese cake and the mocha-chocolate raw vegan cheesecake...the only disappointment is that they were sold out of the mocha-chocolate cheesecake when I was ready leave so I could not bring a piece home!
Amazing and delicious food! Definitely coming back! There are some other places that serve vegan in the area, but this is by far the best and tastiest! 

The interior is inviting and very open!
Great options for both meat eaters and vegans.  Very impressed with staff as well.  Twice during our meal, they asked if we liked everything or if we had any suggestions.
Came here after reading all the reviews so my expectations were high. I ordered the tree of life pita and it was delicious, lots of flavor. It also comes with a small salad. They allow free samples or their sides and cheesecakes. I really liked the strawberry one, but they were all out. This place would easily be 5 stars, but the prices are a bit high. The pita was $10.
Amazing! Sooooo good!!! Being from LA and being spoiled with all the great vegan options we have there, we felt just like home! The smoothies and the sandwiches are super flavorful! The staff is friendly and welcoming! Me and my boyfriend were in Vegas for two days and we were at Bronze cafe both days! Highly recommend !
The Bronze Café at the Center had delicious and nutritious food. We sampled several of the sandwiches and believe me, it was hard to choose just one.  I had the "What What" which had pepperoni, turkey, and lots of veggies...absolutely delicious.  My husband's favorite was "The LGBTQ" with house made bacon jam filled with bacon and veggies, out of this world.  For the desserts...my husband devoured the "Raw Vegan Strawberry Cheesecake" while I consumed "The Loving v. Virginia Brownie and Cookie Combination"...all I can say is, "yummy". As far as the eating area was concerned, it was spotless and the bathroom was immaculate. Being that my husband and I are very picky eaters, we were so impressed with this place having great food and a clean eating area...and let's not forget the very friendly staff who served us with a smile.
What a pleasant and delicious surprise! We were visiting Las Vegas and looking for real food-- fresh, healthy and tasteful.  Thanks to yelp found the Bronze cafe and so glad we did.  Had great sandwiches,
Salad, juice blends and dessert... Will absolutely be back !
Great food, and David couldn't be nicer. As a vegan it's so nice to go somewhere and know with certainty the ingredients in all of the items. Just can't get enough of this place.
Two words:  BACON JAM!

This review should've been posted a LONG time ago but I have been procrastinating.  As my opening says, their bacon jam is superb!  They should sell it in jars.  I love all their sandwiches and salads.  My favorite is the LGBTQ sandwich.  It is a highly evolved BLT sandwich on a ciabatta bun.  Get the bun toasted and it adds so much depth to the sandwich.  They can also make all their sandwiches into salads.  

They make drinks of the blended kind, fruit waters, coffee, and your regular bottled fair.  My favorite is the Vegan Kale Apple Banana Blended.  Also, the cafe serves lots of pastries!  Their version of the brokie called the Loving vs. Virginia., a marriage of brownie and a cookie.  I can never pass up on this when I'm at The Center.  

Oh, BTW, most of their food is vegetarian/vegan.  You cannot really tell that they are though because it is so good!

The servers and owners also offer up the best customer service there is.  If you have not visited the Bronze Cafe, you are definitely missing out.  Come visit them and enjoy all their scrumptious offerings.
Seriously, I just joined yelp for the sole purpose of giving this spot five stars. It is THAT GOOD! I went here with Vegan friends and I split Tree of Life (with chicken) with my lady, which was dope. The real star  of the evening was 'The LQBTQ', a ridiculously dope Bacon sandwich with bacon spread (and fresh vegetables). It was like being punched in the mouth by a ten-foot Bacon Golem. Can't wait to get back here.
Are you looking for Vegan food? You'll have to try this joint it is absolutely spectacular!!!!!
My MEGAN friends converted and we'll by back for more! Thanks for the fantastic dinner!!!!!
Uh baby I like it raw :)
Best sandwich of my life!

you have to stop here if you are in LV.
I have spent quite some time trying to find a good Vegan place that's not overly priced.

Finally! I have found it. 



Super friendly staff, and amazing food.
I highly recommend getting the "Tree of Life" (amazing!)or the LGBTQ sandwich (if you dig bacon).  Any of the sides are also really tasty. 

I got the Mocha Chocolate Cheesecake to go, and was pleased. Super decadent and yummy. 

I have never been to the LGBTQ Center before. The Bronze Cafe was located directly when you walk in. The center was very quite because they were closed. It seemed like a great place to maybe kick back and do some work. They have a wall of books you can sit and read. 

Def a gem. We will be frequently stopping by!
The cheesecake is made of fruit and nuts and tastes far less problematic than the fatty original found anywhere else. A slice of Bronze Cafe cheesecake is well balanced and fulfilling. The manager, Dave, kindly offered tastes of blueberry, mango, espresso--all three versions were delicious and more flavors will arrive as Chef Peter plans to change flavors with the seasons. 

So many places in Vegas create incredible smoothies--my favorites include Greens & Proteins and (believe it or not) LVAC. Bronze Cafe is a new favorite third with it's "Too Good For You" smoothie. I drank two large glasses in the past two days. Kale, chia seeds, protein...

The sandwiches are incredible. The LGBTQ is the best BLT I've ever eaten. Not sure where Chef sourced the bread or the idea to include Q-cumbers, but the whole thing is brilliant and somehow makes me feel more like a vegan and less like a bacon-eating carnivore. I savored every bite.

I also ate the chicken salad sandwich and will eat it again and again. Lucky for me, the Bronze Cafe is only .89 miles away so I can walk off a few calories between regular trips to my new favorite downtown spot.
No wonder this place is five star. The food was fresh, extremely flavorful, and the staff went out of the way to accommodate us. 

 First off it was confusing pulling up to this place since we expected it to be a restaurant but it was inside of a community center. We walked in and the actual building itself was clean and modern. We ordered 2 sandwiches, which came with a side salad, and two sides. One being a spiced lentil and the other hummus with pita. No lie the entire meal was delicious. I mean we're talking almost worth driving to Vegas for. The best part is they were just sandwiches but they were prepared with such thought and proper fresh ingredients that it changed for me the idea that all sandwiches have to be boring. 

After we split a desert...amazing of course, and then ordered three more sandwiches to take back to the boys we were with. Surprise surprise they loved them too.

 I really loved the friendly staff and the truly satisfying meal. If your vegan or not everyone can enjoy this place.
I am so glad that there are healthy places like this near the strip.  The watermelon chiajuice was amazing!  My boyfriend & I both got different sandwiches so we could switch a half & share.  Yum!   My new favorite vegas spot!   Super friendly staff too!
It's Red Velvet Cafe without the side of lies and deception and I love it!   It's food and desserts cooked healthfully but not necessarily low cal.  Mostly vegan, vegetarian and gluten free choices.  With all the hype and working in close proximity downtown my coworkers and I decided to try this place.  It gets pretty crowded at lunch but worth it.  There is not a lot of seating.  Some couches, computer cubies and a few tables.   

Because I had read the reviews I immediately knew I was going to order the LGBTQ sandwich and it didn't disappoint.  We also shared a dessert,  the Loving vs. Virginia.  It  was cookie baked into a brownie.  Delicious!  I'm a little old school so I'm not a huge fan of the payment on the Ipad and receipt emailed to you.   I still feel I may have been overcharged for an item I did not order but with this payment method I couldn't verify it so next time I will bring cash.
The Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is one of the best Vegan sandwiches I have ever had!

The Bronze Cafe is sandwich & coffee cafe located in The LGBTQ Center.  I don't fall into any of those categories, but completely enjoyed my time at The Center and at the Bronze Cafe.  The staff is delightfully warm, welcoming and helpful. 

The Pita sandwich I enjoyed comes with roasted red peppers, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, housemade pickled onions, housemade vegan cashew "crema", brazil nut crumble, sunflower seeds, mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette and is served on Pita Flatbread.  The housemade items are amazing!...I loved the pickled onions, cashew crema and the vinaigrette.  The sandwich also had a nice crunch to it.  I tried a couple of their sides, the quinoa and baba ganoush were both solid.  I also heard lots of great comments about their baked goods from others.

Don't come here looking for a sit-down restaurant...or patio cafe downtown.  But if you're in the area it is worth stopping in just to eat.

ps Check out the bathroom while you're here. I have huge issues with so many of the dichotomies we uphold in our society... the bathroom here is practical and a step in the right direction (in my humble opinion.)
I found out about this place through one of my best friends and I've been a big fan of their foods, drinks, and sweets ever since!  I've never been disappointed by any of the items that I've had here and the flavor combos are exciting to a veg head like me who's become bored with the same old food stuffs lately.  The staff is super friendly and I feel like they care about making people happy through delicious food. 

My favorite is the Honeydew Cucumber water...so sweet and so refreshing at the same time.  I couldn't possibly pick a favorite sandwich...they're all so damn good.  What sets the Bronze Cafe apart from other places serving veggie sandwiches is the flavors.  Most vegetarian/vegan sandwiches I've had they'll put on maybe a little seasoning and call it a day but no these guys know how to make some awesome sauce to put on their sandwiches!  The combo of flavors is incredible on the sandwiches.  I'm always amazed with their creativity.  (I wish I wasn't a lazy veg head and could make good stuff too.)  

And the vegan cheesecakes...totally worth it.  10/10 Would touch myself if I wasn't at work right now.   XD!
Ate lunch here on 10/8/13 and was very impressed. Ordered the Tree of Life, side of baba ganoush, and some sort of off-the-menu vegan, pumpkin/banana smoothie. LOVED the freshness of all the ingredients, LOVED the Tree of Life (even though I am not a vegetarian or vegan), LOVED the friendly counter service and friendly delivery to our table outside, and I LOVE what The Center is doing for the community as a whole. Sign me up for any establishment that is working to make things better in our town.
Couldn't pick a better time to begin yelping! 

The food here is nothing short of excellent and along with impeccable service I think I'll be eating here weekly. Healthy infused fruit drinks give me that second boost when I'm off to job #2. 

Every meal is made to perfection, from the oven crispy bun to the mixed greens and everything in between is simply awesomeness and deliciousness forcing your taste-buds to explode in pure ecstasy. 

For a detailed list of everything on the menu please see the other 66 reviews ;)
Extraordinary food, excellent customer service, fair prices. Best vegan food in Las Vegas... consistently. The daily specials are amazing.  Who knew Vegan could taste so good... and be so affordable?  The Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is over the top. Eat in or take out.... its well worth the trip. Definitely my favorite place for lunch these days. 
And they deliver along the Maryland corridor south to Tropicana.  Chef Peter Bastien and his partner, David Mozes are building community one customer at a time.  My kind of place to hang and to eat.  Should I mention that I have lost 15 lbs since Thanksgiving eating at this place several times a week?  Enough said. Eat healthy at Bronze and see the difference for yourself.
I'm so glad we came here! The LGBTQ is amazing. And I've never had a salad like this before. Delicious! You have to come here to try the salads, sandwiches and the desserts!
First of all, this place is not a good value at all. The food is overpriced for the portions. Granted, it is good quality food, but it is still overpriced. The coffee is terrible. I so wanted to love this place, but I can't say I do.
I can't recommend this place enough. The Tree of Life pita is amazing and balances a real savoriness with a wonderful sweet zing from the mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette.

I also recommend the whole earth pita which was a savory companion. I came with a friend and we split the two sandwiches.

It isn't the cheapest (almost $10) for the plate, but the food is worth it.

Finally- the raw cheesecake is super sweet but take small bites in moderation and you'll have a new favorite dessert.
Another bookmarked place down.  I have been wanting to come here for a while and finally got the chance, meeting a gal pal for lunch.  Many tasty-sounding items on the menu, but I had my heart set on the Tree of Life pita sandwich and it did not disappoint.  We both ordered the seasonal Pumpkin Superfoods Blended, which is now renamed the SuperCALABAZAlisticexpialidocho with "..pumpkin, housemade almond mylk, banana, dates, chia seeds, flax seeds, and Chef Peter's special fall blend of warm holiday spices."  Blended together, it is one satisfying drink that tastes like the fall season.  
Chef Peter and his staff are so friendly and the food is fresh.  I've never been to the Center before, but I know I'll be back after this visit; there's so much more on the menu to try.
Great lunch place. Can't stop. Been here once weekly since I went the first time. Love the tree of life sandwich. And everyone I've brought loves it too. The staff is super friendly and make you feel at ease and help with everything they possibly can!
Don't forget to sample their flavored waters!
A great energy and a nice building!
The combination of an impressively creative menu, super friendly staff and quality food makes the Bronze Cafe one of the best eateries in town.

I love their attention to detail in their recipes. Nothing is halfway done. The bacon jam is a perfect example of how they have elevated their take on a BLT (the LGBTQ) and made it an exception sandwich. I regularly crave this "bacon experience" and recently found out that you can get it in salad version. Super exciting.

Everything I have tried has been delicious. Other than the LGBTQ, I particularly enjoy the Matcha Blended Latte, the beet, quinoa and kale salad and the lentil carrot salad.

The highlight of every meal here is the sweetness of the staff. Plus there is free wifi
Tree of Life pita was delicious! Such a unique menu and friendly staff/patrons. I am addicted and will be back ASAP! I received a discount on my pita because of the time of day I went..I believe it was around 7 pm, so I received $2 off. The mini beet salad is quite tasty as well.

Vegan cookies/cakes taste better than 'normal' cookies/cakes, try them! You won't be disappointed.

*They also use square. This is great because at the bottom of your emailed receipt is  a punch card that keeps track of your purchases!
A large group of us came in a Saturday evening after a basketball game. We called ahead and they were totally ready for us. The service was fast and the food outstanding. Our usually meat-eating basketball team thoroughly enjoyed the sandwiches, salads and smoothies. Everything was fresh and the recipes were innovative. The LGBTQ Sandwich is a must try. The people working went above and beyond and treated us very well. Wish we had one in Portland.
Excellent customer service and the food was wonderful!  I got the Green Goddess Chicken Salad sandwich, and it was delicious. We also had the Tree of Life pita sandwich, which is a vegan option. It was amaze balls. 

Pro tip... Try the cold brew coffee.
What a great place to hold an event or meeting . With the Bronze Cafe you will experience amazing and health conscious fresh food . OMG the Loving v Virginia cookie brownie is heaven , pure heaven . Don't EVEN get me started on the jalepeno cheddar scones . STOP it already . My mouth was full of loving , kind sexi , delicious cuisine . I am happy and grateful our conference was held at THE CENTER . The Bronze Cafe rocked my culinary world. ! Ty ty ty ! Best to you always . Bon Apetit. Get in here ! NOW .
The Tree of Life sandwich is very delicious. Ice filtered coffee is very tasty. Great place for Vegans and non Vegans. The vegan cheesecakes are off the hook!
This place is awesome and it caters to vegans!!! Their salads and sandwiches are fresh, healthy, and delicious! They have a unique way of brewing their iced coffee and it is delish!!! Great fresh juices, smoothies and desserts! Highly recommend this place :)
Today, I made my first lunch trip to the Bronze Cafe and holy cow - it was bitter sweet.  Sweet, because the Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is probably the tastiest healthy sandwich I have ever had and BITTER because in order to enjoy my lunch as much as I enjoyed it today, I will be forced to visit the Bronze Cafe every single day. Damnit.  ;)

I was going to order the LGBTQ because I'M NO VEGAN. Also, because I LOVE BACON like Ron Swanson loves bacon. But, in an effort to halt pre-holiday weight gain, I thought I would see what the fuss is about this "Tree of Life Pita." 

And in this case, the FUSS was ON POINT.  I grabbed my pita to go and when I got back to my office and took my first bite, I was in fresh, veggie, avocado, tomato-onion, cashew "crema," sunflower seed, mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette HEAVEN. If you don't know what I'm talking about, the only thing I can do to better explain my feelings about this sandwich is by saying this: go to the Bronze Cafe, order the Tree of Life Pita, take your first bite and proceed to basque in the fiery explosions created by the fresh pita/vegan/veggie flavor delight. 

I really cannot recommend this sandwich enough. I mean, really. It was filling, but in a "healthy-full" way.  You know, the "healthy-full" feeling that is opposite of the feeling you get on Saturday morning after eating pounds of bacon, eggs, toast and pancakes. 

Also, the cafe is very cute and the service is fast and friendly with a smile. I was in and out with my sandwich boxed up "to-go" within 10 minutes and less than $10 was deducted from my wallet.  I literally cannot find one thing to complain about other than the fact that I no longer feel I can visit another lunch establishment in the area in good conscience after having such a great experience here.

 :)
OK- I was recommended this place for a business lunch and I have to be honest: terrible for a business lunch. Seating was limited and right in the middle of some computer banks and so on- library/ student quad vibe.  I scheduled it based on the representations on the web but not a good place to meet with clients. I has a public library vibe. So, getting that out of the way, the blt was really good as were the fruit waters and friendly service. Just not a fit for a business lunch. Sorry guys.
The Bronze Cafe at The Center is a great find in downtown Las Vegas.  There are only so many options in the downtown area and this is a great addition.  The cafe is located in the LGBTQ Center but is a little difficult to find on the first visit.  There is a parking lot on the side and in the front of the building.  You'll want to in the landscaped entrance.  Once you enter you'll be in a library area and the cafe will be right in front of you.  There are a few small tables and one large table where it is community seating.  

The cafe itself is small but they are quick and able to serve a lot of people.  The day I went they were busy but we made it there and back within our lunch hour.  

I had the The California Turkey Sandwich ($8.95) (turkey breast, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, red onion, basil aioli, lemon vinaigrette, Ciabatta).  I am not exactly an adventurous eater but the combination of flavors was delicious!!!  The lemon vinaigrette added a nice kick to sandwich without taking away from the avocado and tomato.  I was on a healthy eating kick at the time and the staff was nice enough to give me water with free refills :)  I know it is just a little thing but some of the others at my table had purchased bottled water so I appreciated the effort.
Their  The LGBTQ (BLT) is ahhhhhmazing! May be my favorite sandwich in town.
The coffee is good & the baristas super nice.
Not the coziest place ever, but i do believe the seating area is more a part of The Center than their area. It would be great if they were given their own nook to warm up & make more coffeehouse-y.
A great addition to Downtown. Man do I wish they had been around when I went to LVA back in the '90's! Kids these days have it so good ;)
The food was fresh, healthy, creative and delicious. Service was on par. Vegas needs more places like this.
Ever so often a downtown business rewards you for living in and being a Downtown Las Vegas booster. The Beat, The Container Park and the new Grand Hotel are all on a quickly growing list of places to hang and spend money. The Bronze Cafe ties with Mingos as my I could be there everyday spot. The food is amazing! The staff couldn't be friendlier and the owners are two people truly deserving of success. They provide the best fresh food prepared in innovative ways. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, everything I've had has been so tasty that I highly recommend the spot to everyone without worry that I'll get back a text saying,  "meh." And they cater! Please come check out and support this fantastic addition to the downtown experience!
Thank goodness for Yelp Reviews when in a pinch.  I was driving around LV to show my son the Old Strip and was hoping to find something reasnoably priced, healthy, and close by.  At first I was surprised that a place could have so many 5 Star reviews but now I understand why.  The menu and the service was good, the food  was well prepared and served at the right tempatures.  They owner told us that we get the $5 Small Business Special and seemed genuinely interested in serving us. A great change to the service we received the night before at The Venetian.

Highly recommended.
This place is wonderful. There are plenty of vegan and non-vegetarian options to go around. The sandwiches are great, the soups are always fresh and homemade, the baked goods and drinks are awesome and the staff are super-friendly and helpful. For a place to eat lunch, have a meeting or grab something to go, you can't go wrong here.
I absolutely love this place!  It's not too expensive, the food quality is really good & majority of it is healthy! I recently got transferred over to a new location for my job, & I was pretty bummed out because I had all of my "go to" lunch spots by my old store.  Luckily I came across some great reviews of the Bronze Café on yelp & I'm glad I can add this spot onto my new list of lunch spots.

The first time I came to this Café I got lost trying to find it.  I was expecting a stand alone café but it's actually inside a community center.  When you get inside, it somewhat resembles a student services center or library.

Now on to the menu, there were a ton of things I saw on the menu that I wanted to try but I went with the more popular items that were reviewed.

FOOD:

LGBTQ- A twisted version of the class BLT that we're all used to.  This one definitely takes the cake!  I love anything with bacon & this sandwich not only has strips of maple bacon, but also bacon jam spread onto their ciabatta bread.  I was a little hesitant about the cucumber but it actually compliments that sandwich and gives it that fresh little crunch when you eat it. I crave this sandwich often! (my favorite)

Green Goddess Chicken Salad Sandwich-  This sandwich was really delicious and although its chicken salad you don't feel the heaviness of a typical chicken salad in your stomach.

Hummus- Their hummus is really tasty & they serve it with warm pita bread.  It's a great side dish that only costs an additional $2.25 if you get a sandwich.  Sometimes I'll just get the hummus by itself and eat that for a light lunch.

Vegan Banana Boy Bait-  I'm not a fan of bananas or banana flavored items, but the Banana Boy Bait is an exception!  I sometimes just crave this and this alone, it could be a good snack or even a dessert.  It's not too sweet and the banana flavor isn't too overpowering.




DRINKS:

Vegan coconut almond blend-  This was the first drink I purchased here and I really liked the concept.  It's blended with coconut water and they added almond butter for texture.

But my all time favorite drink from the Bronze Cafe is the Matcha Green Tea Blended.  The drink is not too sweet and not too heavy, it's my favorite green tea smoothie I've ever had here in Vegas.
Any time I've had a scone elsewhere I've hated it, but the scones here are actually really excellent.  This is like top-notch bakery in an unexpected venue.  Nice sit-down area, kind of like a library, and quiet.
Went there this morning with a couple friends who are locals. I encouraged us to go based on the incredible reviews and one of my friends who has gone really enjoyed it.. Needless to say we were not disappointed. 

First of all, we were warmly greeted by the manager David, who made it a point to ask us for all our names after we ordered. We came in just planning to get a few juices and smoothies, but left trying quite a few items on the menu. After ordering Raw Vegan Superfood smoothie (which is so tasty and creamy), we ended up staying for a lot longer.

First of all, the LGBTQ Sandwich - OK, I've had BLTs and I've had Bacon Jam. The housemade bacon jam is a godsend. There is nothing I've had like it, it's meaty, savory, smokey, and sweet. Get this sandwich!

David also made an off menu sandwich for us called "The Complicated Order", it's a GLBTQ crossed with "The What What" (which is a fantastic sandwich in itself). AWESOME, even better than the LGBTQ.

The scones we tried (Bacon Jam and Poblano Cheddar) as well as the Cinnamon Toast Crunch cookie and the Loving vs. Virginia (a brownie baked with a chocolate chip cookie on top) were all unique, but most importantly, incredibly tasty. 

We also sampled the Swedish Oatmeal, which was yummy along with being satisfyingly creamy and hearty.

We also had a chance to meet Paul, the chef and I made it a point to tell him how awesome everything is. Along with David, I'd definitely make it a point to stop by here whenever I'm in town. 

For a healthy or sinful snack or meal, you've got to check the Bronze Cafe out!
I don't always eat Vegan, but when I do it's "Bronze Cafe". Delicious, guilt free, creative items that make me wanting more. Highly recommended when in Las Vegas, NV.
I didn't know what to expect when I got here. It was a bit smaller than what I expected and I wasn't sure what to get. Fortunately, one of the nice employees recommended the "what-what" sandwich, add bacon, and add bacon jam. Damn Gina sold! I don't even know what bacon jam is, how it's made, or what's in it. I don't really care I just know it was one of the best sandwiches I have had in a long ass time. I think there was a salad in the container too but I don't remember because I was too busy looking for leftover bacon bits and jam.
The food is great I had the good earth sandwich with vegan chili. The place is clean and the staff is friendly. Food is a little pricey consideri g how good and fresh it is it's worth it.
The Bronze Cafe has truly been my favorite place to visit in 2013. Their vegan options are some of the best. Everything is absolutely delicious and the Tree of Life Pita is seriously one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life. Chef Peter and David are culinary geniuses and are so wonderful for offering the vegan community in Vegas so many amazing options. If you go, don't leave without the strawberry cookie! And trust me, if you ever thought you weren't a fan of brussel sprouts, you will be after trying their roasted side dish. I blame (thank) the Bronze Cafe for my current obsession with brussel sprouts. lol SERIOUSLY GO RIGHT NOW!
Bronze Cafe is a treat in the desert of Las Vegas. The food and service are spectacular. Healthy, friendly, lovely place. I went with my family of 7, and everyone was able to get what they wanted from bacon to vegan. I won big points with my family finding this gem. My only suggestion for improvement is to have real plates and eating utensils rather than paper and plastic.
There are no words to describe how amazing the food and staff at Bronze Cafe are.  Truly a hidden gem in downtown Vegas. Prepare to become addicted.
Best little cafe in town. I have eaten everything on the menu and there are no mediocre items here.
I'm sad that it took me this long to go here. Seriously. Why did I wait this long? This is the kind of place I've been waiting for. It reminds me of San Francisco. Quality and pride in food in a way that most places don't even care about, much less dream about.

I love the how informative and friendly everyone is working there, from David (the owner) to anyone working behind the counter. I love how everything is organic and options are considerate of vegan, gluten-free, and dairy-free lifestyles. We looked over the menu and ordered... a lot. I'll just run down the list.

The good earth pita. This thing was a fantastically delicious mash of vegetables in a fresh pita. I had a certain expectation of the amount of flavor that should have been in this and it was dramatically exceeded. This is how you make veggie-style wraps. It could convert anyone into believing meat-free is the way to be.

The California turkey is nothing revolutionary in terms of what's in it. What do you think is in here? Turkey and avocado, right? You win! But I will say, delicious again. The bread was toasted to be crispy top and bottom, while still being cottony soft inside. The avocado and turkey were plentiful and fresh. There was a mix of mayo and other little veggie bits all over. Each bite was familiar, but just a little more delightful than I expected. Great textures and flavors.

For desserts, the blueberry and banana boy baits were consumed, and a strawberry cheesecake. All of these were vegan, and that's pretty spectacular considering they were so damn good. I make vegan desserts and they make mine wilt a little inside. The blueberry boy bait was somewhere between a crumble and coffee cake. The banana boy bait was a very dense banana bread. Extremely rich. The cheesecake has the consistency of a whipped sort of topping made of pistachio (?) and coconut oil. Oh, and strawberry of course.

For drinks, I was surprised to see options like cantaloupe-turmeric and honeydew cucumber. Both refreshing. Oh, and the turmeric is not as strong as you'd expect so don't be turned off from it!

Go here. Immediately. It's expensive considering basically each sandwich is $9-10, but a couple extra bucks for the organic factor as well as the overall quality, flavor, and flexibility is worth it. It isn't for having a deal, it's for having what you want, and sometimes what you need. The city needs more of this.
Two best vegan sandwiches I've ever had. Juice and coffee were amazing also. Highly recommended.
Should get 6 stars! Food was AMAZING! Service was AMAZING! Had 2 Americanos, 2 vegan sandwiches and one of their fresh watermelon juices. Will definitely be coming back whenever I am on this side of town!
We found Bronze Cafe in one of the gay magazines in Las Vegas and wanted to be supportive.

The staff is very friendly and helpful. He was very patient will I was trying to make my selection. I settled on a curried quinoa salad and while it was flavorful it was dry as dust. Just a suggestion: this one would be excellent if it was a little moist and easy to swallow.

The Bronze Cafe is nestled in the center of the LGBTQ center here and I'm always wiling to offer my support. It just wasn't the stellar experience I was expecting. I'm just very happy to know that Nevada is more blue than red and we can probably thank Las Vegas for that.
I ordered the Good Earth pita. It was amazing! I will definitely order from here again. I am excited to try all the different options.
Bronze has the nicest staff! Every time I eat here I know I'll have a pleasant experience. I crave the guac and mole sandwich about once a week, and my boyfriend loves the chopped chicken salad with bacon. The cold-brew coffee is a must in the summer. As for lattes, if you're adding a powder, they're a little too sweet for my taste. A plain latte or cup of coffee is perfect (they use Colorado River Roasters coffee from Boulder City). I've even had them weigh out a pound of coffee beans for me to purchase for home use. Bronze is pricey, but once a week or so it's a nice indulgence.
I don't think I could of had a better experience at this little cafe.  I did circle around the building a few times before realizing it was in the building, but I'd circle around 10 more times so long as it meant eating the chicken salad sandwich I had.  The staff was super friendly, with a face like the one that greeted me how could you not leave a place happier walking out than when you walked in?  

10/10, that was the best chicken salad sandwich I have ever had.  
The menu states that there are apples in there, but do not let that steer you away from this sandwich if you are the kind of person that does not like fruit with your chicken.  Because, let me tell you, they make apples and chicken go together like peanut butter and jelly.
Today a bunch of came here for lunch and everyone at the table was absolutely satisfied with their meal. I got the complicated sandwich and that was AMAZING! I love the bacon jam! I was wanting chips with my sandwich however they served a salad with the sandwich. Let me just say that the salad was soooo good. Kind of pricey but definitely worth the money. I can't wait to try some of the other things on their menu.
Today was my second visit to Bronze Cafe at The Center.  My first trip was during a Las Vegan Eatz Dinner club event, where I (along w/ about 40 other people) enjoyed tastings of EVERY SINGLE VEGAN ITEM ON THE MENU!  I was thoroughly impressed!  While I'm a fan of chick'n & "beef" - I do also enjoy when a chef can create fabulously fulfilling delightful and flavorful food - without any of the "fake" items.

I've been meaning to go back (like every day since) but the location is a bit outside of my normal travels.  Today at work, it was "fried food" day at our company cafeteria/dining room.  I was craving something not so terrible for my diet - I wanted something FEEL GOOD.  So I decided to make the drive over to Bronze Cafe.

It was busy, but not overwhelming.  Seating inside is limited so I took my order to go and ate at the picnic tables outside.  I decided to order my favorite sandwich from my previous tasting event - which was the Guac & Mole.  People rave about it - so I just had to try it.  (PS Paul Graham from Eating Vegan in Vegas did a fantastic review on the joint (and this sandwich) - http://eatingveganinvegas.tumblr.com/post/56611156953/the-bronze-cafe-continues-to-share-the-love )

The Guac & Mole is a vegan sandwich on perfectly baked ciabatta bread (if they don't bake this stuff in house - I want to know where they get it! - filled with avocado, alfalfa sprouts, shredded carrots, cucumber, lemon vinaigrette, vegan mole, and house made vegan ranch.  I realized about half way through the sandwich that I was actually smiling while eating my meal - there you have it, my mouth was happy!

I also took two of their 'bars' to go (but quickly devoured them when I returned to my desk).  I chose the Vegan Almond Apricot Bar (crunchy, chewy, soft, gooey - all of those good things, all rolled into one!) and the Vegan Blueberry Bar (think blueberry muffin, but not greasy w/ a nice crisp top.

What's also great about this place is they also have plenty of non-vegan options for your meat eating friends!

FIVE STARS!  Fresh food, high quality products, unique offerings, and fast service!  I plan to return again and again and again and again.....
The bizness with roasted broccoli, curried chickpeas, and roasted brussel sprouts is AMAZING!!!  The tree of life is delish!
I'm so glad I came here.
The food is good nevertheless can be a bit salty*.
The bizzness, the good earth pita, and soup of the day are good.
The hummus with pita bread and the strawberry cheese cake are excellent.
I will definitely return to Bronze Café while visiting Vegas.

Interesting place.

Costumer Service is great!!! :-)
Wow.  Could we order any more.  :)  the manager David was fantastic explaining the menu having us sample the cheesecake and the soup.  So fantastic we the four of us ordered. 

One pita,  two sandwiches,  one giant salad,  three soups,  one iced coffee,  two hot coffees,  2 scones, one piece of cheese cake,  peanut butter cookies,  lemon square,  4 chocolate Brownie cookie combos.  
Everything he described we ordered on left with. 

All of which are homemade by Chef. Salad and sandwiches made fresh to order.  

We loved the vegan vegaterian and regular food options making it a awesome place for meat eaters and veg heads to enjoy an awesome dinner with no stress to either party.  

All of us loved our meals,  my salad was so large that I could only finish half,  but I was happy to take the rest home for later. 

Portion sizing was amazing,  large large sizes. A sandwich could definitely be split between two.  price was great.  My salad made for two was 9.99

Location: tucked away in a youth Centre,  near a seven 11. A small sign out side let's you know your at the right place.  Inside it's like a library meets café.  Nothing fancy.  But once you are eating all cares of location go out the window.  

Parking is ample and free! 

We will return and look forward to more locations as they look to explain.  The 5 star review and the already 150plus reviews are no joke and the Cafe lives up to the five star standard. 

Very excited to eat our bakers box of vegaterian and vegan goodies when we get home.
I honestly cannot say enough good things about Bronze Cafe. I have ordered delivery from them more times than I can count (20-30 maybe? I'm in Vegas every week for work) and they've ALWAYS been wonderful. Their staff is so lovely and they always go above and beyond. The food is wonderful. I highly recommend The Bizness salad, The Green Goddess chicken salad sandwich and their superfood smoothie. It's all so so delicious and healthy :) I'm obsessed, I know..
I have yet to have a bad experience at this cafe and I pray I never do. I love the Tree of Life pita and the cheesecakes are to die for. I enjoy coming here to eat because it is delicious but I'm not sacrificing my health on an indulgence. The staff is friendly and the first time I went in they took the time to explain the menu and help me find something I would enjoy. I would highly recommend The Bronze Cafe to anybody
The Good Earth Sammy is delish!!!!!!! My fave

Awww YEAH!!  Gluten Free, Veggie goodness, two snaps for fabulous!!  I've already been back several times and I won't stop now. 
Delish and the service was FAB (all caps)!

I will say though, I don't enjoy the iced tea, it's super wee and no free refills, grrrr! :/
This place is the best. So much vegan goodness. I only found out about it recently and I've already been back so many times. Cheesecake was amazing. Tree of life pita = amazing. Bizzness salad = you get the idea. Plus the staff is cool and we all played cups!! Go see for yourself.
How I heard about Bronze Cafe:

These very words were said to me many times during CrossFit class by a friend: "YOU GOTTA GO TO BRONZE CAFE KEV, YOU GOTTA GO! YOU'RE AN ELITE YELPER RIGHT?!"

Ooo! I am indeed a Yelper and you're calling me out! I never took the time to drive myself out of the way to eat at a little cafe, but one day the opportunity came when I had to make a visit to the adult Disneyland, the DMV. Yelp said it was 1.2 miles way? HUH... LETS GO!

I normally don't write reviews on first visits, but it was good... really good... seriously really good. I had the Tree of Life sandwich ($9.95) to go which is VEGAN, but a bite of that gyro sandwich MASTERPIECE had me considered a vegan lifestyle for a quick second. I don't know why its called Tree of Life, maybe because you feel completely transformed, like a born again virgin. The sandwich consisted of something like pickled onions, roasted red peppers, avocados, greens, tomatoes, and MAGIC. 

Sort of a tangent, but I took a bite of my TO GO sandwich in my car (bad habit) and was so amazed that I decided to eat the whole thing in my car, go back inside and grab a fork to finish the side salad, and was late for my class and quiz. Was it worth it? You bet. 

I am excited to come back and try the soup, salads, the BIZNESS, bars, pretty much everything. 

CHECK IN AND GET $1 OFF YOUR SANDWICH OR THE BIZNESS.
Came here for the first time with my friend who'd been raving about it for weeks. The staff are really charming & helpful. I got the Tree of Life pita which was really flavorful and the pita bread was amazing. The vegan Coconut Almond smoothie is tasty and hydrating. This is another one of those places that make being vegan easy. 
Oh and we sang & played the Cups song with one of the staff workers!
I thought this place was a cafe that I could get some work done. But actually, it was located at the very entrance of the community center.

Well, nothing is wrong about it, and I totally support LGBTQ community. But as a nomad worker, I just wanted a comfortable place to work. While no one directly interrupted, the noise level was understandably high. I know this is not San Francisco, but it's so hard to find a laptop friendly cafe in Vegas...

People, drink, food were all good. I wouldn't dis anything based on my particular needs. Yes I am the minority here...
I was invited here by a co-worker that had gotten this place as a recommendation from our boss. I was certainly a little confused when I pulled into what looked to be a community center, which it is! Very cool. 

I loved the setting. Not necessarily the best place to study (judging by the book shelves, it looks like some people do), but a great place to have a meal and a chat. 

I had a salad (tried to look up the name, but it looks like they've changed their menu since I've been there). I remember it being fantastic. Dressing was on point!!! 

The staff really stood out. They were so incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the food they served. They even came out intermittently to let us try some samples and really took our feedback to heart.
This is one of the most delicious and innovative food places I've been to.  Located in a community center,  the food maybe under estimated.  The food is made fresh and there are lots of vegetarian, Gluten and dairy free options. We tried the baba ghanoush and the humus which tasted great.  My husband had the turkey sandwich which he's still raving about.  The pineapple chia drink was very refreshing and I'd want to come back to Vegas just for their coconut water almond butter drink. They had gluten and dairy free cheesecake in strawberry,  Chocolate and pistachio flavors.  My husband doesn't usually like gluten free desserts but even he loved them.  The crust was made of dates and coconuts, absolutely delicious.  In short,  don't miss this place.
Let me begin with the warm welcome- how inviting! The Bronze Cafe is inside a center so for out of towners a bit deceiving but if you enjoy healthy versus the regular grind it is such a great find! I adored my Green Goddess Chicken Salad on a fresh Ciabatta with a fresh salad. The "Bizness" was my hubby's choice and it rocked with fresh Kale salad topped with 3 organic sides. He loved the roasted broccoli, Brussel sprouts and spiced Chic Peas! We both ordered this awesome super healthy drink that was phenomenal but a meal in itself - don't miss Bronze if you are seeking fresh and organic in Vegas with great vegan and vegetarian choices! Kudos for great service even though it is counter order we were checked on no less than 5 times at the table.
I ordered from here and was very pleased. This place has some of the best and freshest food consistently. They have a great selection of healthy fare. It is a little difficult to find it in the community center but well worth the effort. One of my top 5 restaurants in Las Vegas that wont break the bank. The food is just so good you can't pick something you wont like and they have a nice eclectic menu. The juices are great as well. This place is just hands down wonderful.
The Bronze Cafe is definitely worth a visit. There isn't a big sign for the cafe so we drove past it but once we found the Center it was located right by the door. The menu is mostly vegan, but there are items that include chicken and turkey. We tried the Guac & Mole sand which, which they were kind enough to offer to split into two plates, and the sandwich came with a salad. Half a sandwich plus the salad were plenty for me. The lemon vinagrette was a very nice touch and the sandwich was delicious. 

I also ordered the Raw Vegan Superfood blender. You can have either have it with cacao powder or matcha green tea but they suggested the cacao since it was my first time. It was freaking delicious. Perfect blend of banana, almond milk, and avocado. Loved it. I could leave without trying a cheese cake so I also bought the banana split cheese cake. I loved that as well. 

This place was pretty good, the prices are affordable and the staff was super friendly. I'm a fan.
The Bizness Salad is the way to go! Curried Quinoa, Broccoli, and Brussels Sprouts all day! I love everything at Bronze Cafe.
If your going to bevegan why not offer gluten free bread?
Bronze Cafe all the way! Went Monday and we had such a great meal.  Everything was served wonderfully and the staff very helpful I had chicken salad San and it was a party in my mouth with all the floors. I went with vegan gluten free family and they had soup sandwich and cheesecake wow how great they finally have found a place they can enjoy we are spreading the word!
This place was a pleasant surprise.  The boyfriend and I made our way here to grab some coffee and was immediately greeted by one of the owners, David -- very friendly and informative on the menu, even giving us a taste sample of the vegan cheesecake flavors that they offer (my fave was the mango and the chai, by the way).  The executive chef and co-owner, Peter, is also an absolute sweetheart!  The boyfriend and I couldn't decide on a blended drink.  It was a toss-up between the chocolate blended or the chai blended and Chef Peter accommodated my request in making a blended mix of both!  Super yum!  Oh but the most surprising thing was their LGBTQ sandwich, which is probably the only non-vegan item on the menu because it was a bacon sandwich with bacon jam, accompanied with a fresh lemon side salad.  My taste buds were dancing when I had this sandwich.  It may be on the pricey side but it's completely worth it.  Also, if you check in on yelp, they have some discounts available, as well as on their page on Facebook.  One last surprise was their "Tree of Life" sandwich.  I'm not really a vegetable eater but we gave it a shot because it's their most popular one.  I loved all the flavors and I totally forgot that everything I was eating was healthy and vegetable-y!  

I cannot wait until they have their own place, because right now, they are currently set up inside the LGBTQ center in downtown Las Vegas, and most importantly, I can't wait until they make their way to California!
The staff is very friendly and I've only had the Bizness salad which I give it a A+ yumm.. I'm for sure going back for the WhatWhat :) the ice coffee was good although not strong enough for me. They have a patio are that I will defiantly make sure to enjoy on a nice day :) also if it's your first time here do not look for a sign with the actual name because you're not going to find it I'll post a picture of the sign the you need to look for. I hope it helps someone.
Best service and amazing sandwiches! Love everything they offer but of course my fav is the LGBTQ! Also hummus or babaganoosh is only $2.25 more with a sandwich or salad purchase! Soup of the day today, butternut squash, was good too! Love this place
Incredible staff.. Helped in ordering. The food was amazing and at first I  had to make sure I was not eating real bacon. The sides were good but the Brussels sprouts were a bit hard , under cooked but the flavor was tasty. A bit hard to get for tourists. We had to walk 6 blocks to get to a taxi.
PROTIP: Check in on yelp for $1 off each sandwich or the Bizness meal (as of 3/9/2014)!!

Located inside the Center on Maryland and Clark. Best spur-of-the-moment find ever! They offer scones, cheesecake, cookies, healthy bars, sandwiches, salads, smoothies, lattes, coffees, and quinoa sides. They have flavored agave packs here! Skinny tubes of it for less than $1. Very cool. Offers vegan, vegetarian, and meaty options. Now that's what I call: choices! 

NOTE: They do delivery here! $3 charge for orders less than $30. Free for over that price. Great idea for DTLV residents or for company lunches.

Goodwich was closed by 3pm on sundays. Thought we could make it, but we were an hour late! Curse you daylight savings! But really, if we didn't forget, we would have not found this place sooner.

I pulled up the yelp app looking for nearby eats and they directed me to the Bronze Café located in the Center. I did not expect this place to be so good! The guys working here were AWESOME. Love them. They made excellent recommendations. 

While we were waiting for our food, he gave us spoon samples of their chocolate cheesecake, strawberry, and pecan. Amazingly high-quality. Fresh. Housemade and NOT bought from a distributor. Bronze Café, for sure, is the real deal.

We ordered the kale, banana, apple vegan smoothie. Yummy. Not bitter and the perfect amount of sweet! Refreshing for a perfect spring/summer day. Comes in two sizes. 14 oz. ($4-5ish) and 24 oz. ($5.75). Get the bigger size. So worth the health.

There was extra smoothie in the blender so our server gave us the rest in another cup (See pic). Now that was really, really thoughtful. Seriously. It was a lot of juice! More than what I can say about Jamba Juice (you just know those jamba jerks have extra but won't give it to you!) 

To start we had the HUMMUS: chickpeas, tahini, olive oil, cumin, paprika, lemon juice. I could have sworn it had roasted red pepper too... Comes with warm pita. ($3.95) kinda small for the price but it's only $2.25 if you ordered a sandwich/salad. Great for a small lunch/snack size. Creamy, smooth, fresh. Ridiculously tastes like tacos to me. The spices they used and the freshness just got to me. I wish I bought a tub to take home. Waaayyy better than store-bought hummus. Must-try!

My friend and I also ordered the Tree of Life (vegan) and I ordered the LGBTQ sandwich. 

Tree of Life sandwich ($9.95): roasted red peppers, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, housemade pickled onions, housemade vegan cashew creama, brazil nut crumbles, mango cilantro vinaigrette on a pita flatbread. Comes with a small side salad of mixed greens in the vinaigrette. 
LOVED this. The crunch of the nut went surprisingly well with the avocado and the veggies. What the heck. These guys know how pair flavors! Who knew vegan could taste so good. (They make sure to note that pita bread isn't vegan, but this was so good).

LGBTQ sandwich ($9.95): housemade bacon jam, maple-glazed bacon, mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, basil aioli, lemon vinaigrette on ciabatta bread.
Obviously not vegetarian. Comes with a small mixed green salad with vinaigrette as well. So freakin' bomb. The right amount of salty from the bacon without being overwhelming. Balanced out perfectly by the cucumber and tomato. Bacon was NOT greasy and complemented the veggies amazingly. And for Jesus's Chrysler sake, this has bacon jam in it. Bacon jam. I wanted to cry, confess, and break down in food-heaven convulsions right then and there. 

Going to try their scones next time. Reasonably priced and way better-looking than starbucks' overpriced frozen sweets. Ranges from $1.75-$4ish. Big portions for pastries/scones/bars.

I think I found my new lunch spot. It's also a chill place to kick back and read a book or bring your laptop. I believe there is free wi-fi and a few outlets. There's a reason why this place has 5 stars and I can definitely see why. 

Checking out The Center was on my to-do list forever, and it's an absolute gem to find this awesome café here. Character, culture, and no gimmicks. The service, well-thought out fresh menu, and the options are fantastic. My favorite surprised find by far!! Next time you're in the area, you have to stop by here! One of the perfect places to grab lunch in DTLV.
We just ordered for delivery. Fantastic phone experience.  Love the vegan menu. Can't wait for our dinner to arrive. Stay tuned.

Well, dinner arrived and it was absolutely delicious.  The vegan chocolate cheesecake is out of this world.  You've got to try this place. Awesome just doesn't quite capture it.
Good sandwich and nice young lady deliver to the LV convention center. We ordered the turkey sandwich and Ms. Piggy, both were delicious and came with some green salad. We loved it!
I'm not a big fan of vegetarian food and i had the guac & mole,  let me tell you this was amazing.  Full of flavor and so filling. I fell in love and i will be ordering from here again for sure!
I'm in love. I only wish they were closer to me. I went here two days in a row because I've been in the area for jury duty. I would come here even more if it were closer to home but I will be back when I'm in the neighborhood. 

I walked in and was kindly greeted by a worker who was ready to take my order. I told him its my first time but I had my heart set on the Bizness. I like to see how different restaurants prepare kale salads. I love kale but haven't mastered how to make it tasty at home. I asked him for suggestions for sides. He said the broccoli with hemp hearts (great choice!), the curried quinoa (loved it!) and the last was eggplant dip which came with pita bread. The dip was served separately and not on the salad.

I really went all out and also ordered a cheddar jalapeño scone per the employee's suggestion and Oh My Yumminess this was perfection! The green tea matcha smoothie with almond milk has a nice amount of sweetness (not too much). 

I did get a ginger cookie for later and it was small which wouldn't matter if it was good but for me it didn't have a strong enough ginger taste. It wasn't the taste you expect when wanting a ginger cookie. I'm also not a fan of crunchy cookies but I get that it was supposed to be like a ginger snap. I just prefer soft chewy cookies. 

On my second visit I got the Bizness with broccoli again (yum), beet quinoa (yum) and lentil salad. This lentil salad was very thick and hearty and took over the kale and every other flavor in the salad. I could not mix it because all I would taste is the lentil salad so instead I ate it all first to get it off of my salad. I think its better off on the side but not mixed in with a light salad.

I also got a Vegan banana bread square and although it was fairly moist the flavor was lacking for me. I make my own Vegan desserts at home and this banana bread just didn't hit the spot. I decided I don't think I will be ordering Vegan desserts here anymore. I might try the cheesecake since it's not a baked item.
I am excited to go back but I need to rip myself away from the Bizness and try a sandwich. 

I think it's a great idea to serve the salad in a to go box so you won't need to ask for a to go box if you want one, but I've been eating there and it is a bit difficult eating out of that box. The side flaps stand straight up and won't bend down so each time I dip my fork in I hit the side of the box and I'm not sure if it's the box or the table but something is slippery and the box slides around the table. It would be nice to be served on a plate if you are eating there. 

The workers here are all happy and in a good mood and that makes me happy coming here. They also seem to love the food and be really excited about telling me suggestions. I appreciate that too! Some places it seems like the workers don't seem to have a passion for the food there and this is not the case here.
Came back again and this time they were very busy! Lots going on but they still held it together. The cashier apologized for the long wait which is a nice gesture. I got the Tree of Life and taste I enjoyed but did not care for the drippiness of the sandwich. I would ask for less sauce next time. 

The watermelon chia juice is outstanding! I would love to try all of their juices.
I have never been to The Center, and I wish I had had the time to look around a little more. The lobby area - where you will find the Bronze Cafe - has the feel of an open library, with some computers available for use against one wall, and book shelves along a longer curved wall. I really liked the atmosphere, it made me feel like I was a little bit more cool just for having been there.

The counter guy was super friendly, and offered us a sample of their lentil soup with veggies. It was very flavorful, and actually light & refreshing, which is quite an accomplishment for a bean soup.

I really like roasted veggies, so I ordered The Good Earth, and I also got an ice-brewed coffee. The sandwich had lettuce, tomato, roasted? mushrooms, roasted eggplant, alfalfa sprouts, an orange dressing of some kind, sunflower seeds, and what tasted like candied walnuts. I love eggplant, but it really wan't cooked well enough. Cooked eggplant is kind of mushy (and delicious!), but this was still pretty firm & spongy, like it was pretty raw. All the other ingredients were fantastic, and even the candied walnuts went surprisingly well with the other ingredients. But for a roasted veggie sandwich, I also would have liked to see something other than just the eggplant & possibly mushrooms. (I am not sure if the mushrooms were actually roasted. I have not heard of such a thing, but otherwise the eggplant would have been the only roasted veggie.) The pita bread was delicious.

My friend had the Tree of Life, and she thought it was awesome.

I can't really judge the ice-brewed coffee, as I have never had it before. I had heard it was much less bitter than heat-brewed coffee and so I really wanted to try it. But it pretty much just tasted like iced coffee but not as watered down. It could be the most phenomenal ice-brewed coffee ever, but it was my first taste so I can't compare it. Personally, I will stick with regular coffee in the future.

Weird, right? I didn't like my sandwich or my drink, but I still gave it four stars. I liked the atmosphere and the service, and I just feel like I happened to order the wrong thing for me. I feel confident the next visit will be a five-star experience.

Finding it: as you drive south on Maryland (one way in this area), The Center is on your left immediately after Lewis Ave. Just turn into the first parking lot you can.
I've had a tough time finding healthy food options in town and came across this gem of a place purely by chance. Once here I was blown away by the staff and their friendly demeanor, the healthy food options (a big vegan menu), and the quality of the food.  In ordered the Tree of Life sandwich and was very happy with the result.  It was packed full of fresh ingredients and the overall flavor of it was astounding. I didn't feel overly full but was perfectly satisfied.  I'll definitely be coming back here for more!
This place is great.  The staff is very friendly and kind.  The atmosphere was nice and quite with some books to read and there were some computer to use.  We ordered the Miss Piggy and hummus with pita.  The sandwich was amazing and tasty.  All the flavors complimented each other.  The humus came with pita that was warm and was delicious.  I will definatley come back again!
Super friendly and helpful staff! Had a veggie smoothie-deee-lish!
Would go out of my way again to try the other morsels that look quite delectable!!
Eating food is an experience, and the staff at the bronze delivered. I ordered the compacted order, which is an amazing sandwich filled with great food. 
But the staff made it even better. This place had the best service of any restaurant that I have been to. 
Definitely try it when you come to Vegas.
Best kept secret downtown!!

Great variety for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters.

This is where the people who own the joint really make friends and will come to know your name! 

I love it and I try to find a way to get down here at least once or twice a week!
I admit I was hesitant about trying this place, although it had awesome reviews, they say they are Vegan and well I am anything but and tend to be skeptical of anyplace that is proud of catering to Vegans. Nothing against Vegans but I love meat, and well fat = flavor, and how many vegetables have fat in them. I was surprised by how much I liked this place. I ordered the LGBTQ. It did not disappoint, it had bacon jam which was slightly sweet, maple bacon and plenty of it, lettuce tomato and some sort of aioli.  It also came with a small side salad which was just spinach, however it was tossed in a light, slightly tangy lemon vinaigrette which was ever so good. The price was a little over $9. The drinks are a little pricey, $1.50 for a can of soda or $1.95 for water or San Pell which I had. But I guess you can't have everything. I was also surprised by how crowded it was, we got the last table. There are couches as it is a community center that were free.   Also, if I didn't make this obvious for anyone out there like me, the bacon was real it was not faux bacon and they have other real meat while also offering options to the vegetarians and vegans among us.
This place is at the Center and it's great.  First of all, the people who work there are so friendly.  Then you see they have a great choice of sandwiches and salads, which are wonderful.  I had the BLT essentially, but they have a way cuter name for it.  Anyway, it is FULL of bacon, and a heavenly little thing called bacon jam (see my review of Honey Salt another place which supplies this wonderful condiment).  I had a latte which was awesome, and then we checked out their baked goods.  I had a loving v. virginia which is the legalization of marriage between a cookie and a brownie.  It was such a cute name I HAD to get it and it was worth the $3.95, although being a bit of a baker myself I think it could have been cooked a little less.  Now, the only reason it is not getting five stars is that there is not too many tables, but here's the thing, it's a CENTER and probably not meant to be a restaurant, but that's ok!  If you ask someone if you can sit with them, they ALWAYS let you!  I will be going back, and back, and back to this place for lunch!!
I loved the tree of life! The variety is awesome here! I love the location, its pretty much an awesome place for open minded people looking for great taste in food with many meatless options!! My boyfriend also enjoyed his food which did have meat in it.. can't wait to go back!!
Since my first time here, I've returned 4 times in a time span of 1 week... I just can't get enough.

Located at the center, this place offers a great selection. My personal favorite is "the bizzness" with chickpeas, curried quinoa, and beet salad. You get the option of choosing any three of their sides. Their brussel sprouts are good too. 

Whether you choose from their mole sandwich, good earth, green goddess, or LGBTQ, you won't be disappointed. 

Don't skip out on dessert. Get their peanut butter snickerdoodle cookie and warm it up. You won't be disappointed. 

Friendly staff and great area to sit down and get some work done.
I am teetering between 4 and 5 stars on the Bronze Cafe. My friend and I came with our 3 kiddies after a visit to the Discovery Children's Museum on Friday since we were in the neighborhood and everyone I know has been raving about The Tree of Life! The people that work here are SO friendly and fantastic. I ordered hummus with a side of pita, the soup of the day (vegetable), and the tree of life. The gentleman who I paid with gave me a 5% student discount on top of my Yelp check-in. Lunch here was very fairly priced and with exceptional service. 

They have 2 tables seated outside if you want to dine al-fresco, which we opted for, and an employee helped me carry my food out because my life is always a handful. The hummus was so fresh and tasty! You can tell it wasn't packaged and sitting there for days. The pita was very soft, and my daughter was so happy because hummus is one of her favorite foods. She also enjoyed the soup which had a plethora of various veggies (zucchini, yellow squash, tomatoes, carrots, hominy) and a very light broth that tasted like a bunch of boiled down veggies. It made me feel good finding such a healthy lunch option for her on the go. Lastly, I was able to eat my pita and boy was it delicious! I don't know what about it makes it so good (I think it's the sauce), but I want to come here after every visit to the museum and feast my face on this tree of life. It was packed full of veggies, roasted veggies, greens, avocado, and some hummus that I threw on there. I don't know if I'll be able to stray away to try the bizness but everyone knows of my love for kale. 

So why the 1 star removed? Well, I am a parent, and kind of prude. I love the LGBTQ community, but I didn't realize how different things would be when I came with kids. First of all, at the entrance is a bowl at the help desk. I was going to grab a mint, until I realized they were condoms. Then, when I took my daughter to the restroom, there were two other guys in there. My daughter was puzzled like "why are there men in the bathroom?" It was just a little strange to see men in our little sacred ground of a restroom. Lastly, there's a library here, and my daughter LOVES books so she runs over and grabs some books while I am ordering and paying. Yes, I know that I should have been watching her more carefully, but since we are at least once a week library frequenters, I figured she would be fine. When I'm done ordering, I walk over to her and her friends, and I notice that it's a LGBTQ library. Some of the books have photos on the front that are not appropriate for little children. Several have textual content that is definitely not appropriate for children (luckily none of them can read, they're 4 and under). After I noticed this, I told them they couldn't get any more books. When I talked another friend of mine who recommended this place to me, I told her what had happened and she was shocked, because her kids have also grabbed books to look at while waiting. Therefore, to parents, watch your children. I will definitely be back to try more delicious food and keep a closer eye on my children.
OMG.  The LGBTQ Sandwich is seriously the BEST sandwich I have had anywere. I mean, it beats out Mendocino Farms sandwiches in Los Angeles.  I am not kidding. Seriously. the best.  

And you can use a bank of free computers while you wait. Who knew.  Yes, please

.  Win and win.
If you want something new with an informal setting this is the place for you! Lots to choose from and everything is unique. My favorite is the WHAT WHAT!  Give it a try, you'll be sure to return. Noon hour tends to be busier than normal, of course.
A fabulous place with quality food and ingredients! I have tried just about everything here and my favorites are the Beet and Goat Cheese Salad(full size), the LGBTQ, and Good Earth. Everything is filled with flavor. I come here quite often because of the food and friendly service.
Tree of life is amazing!!! The staff is extremely helpful and does a great job of explaining the menu... You can pretty much tell them anything and they have something for you! Oh and the honeydew cucumber water is amazing!!
I was pleasantly surprised by this venue. I stopped in to kill time and ordered this delightful cookie brownie evil decadent thing and I was not disappointed. Very clean and the vegetarian menu was put together well. Worth a second visit indeed.
I'm from LA with a lot of good food here, but this is the best food I've had in a long time!  We were passing through LV and looking for something healthy so we Yelped "Vegetarian" and this place came up with good ratings.  I'm so glad we stopped.

I'm not a vegetarian, but like vegetarian food (and try not to eat too much meat), so my partner and I split the Tree of Life sandwich, and the LGBTQ bacon sandwich.  Both were delicious!

On our way back home 7 days later, I made sure to time it so we could have lunch there.  This time we had the Tree of Life again (so good!) and tried the Good Earth Pita, also vegetarian and also delicious.  And, because I everything was so good, we got 2 salads (The Bizness) to go for us to have for dinner when we got home in LA a few hours later.  And yes, they were just as delicious as the sandwiches.  Oh, as was the banana bread we got for a snack for the car.

To top it off, the staff was super friendly and helpful.  We ended up meeting Peter and David, the owners, and I wish them the best of luck.  

I don't normally gush about a place like I am now, but I don't normally have delicious, healthy food at a reasonable price.  I just hope I didn't over sell it.
I typically try to wait until I have a few experiences with a restaurant before jumping into a review.   So much can change from visit to visit that I always find it a bit presumptuous to assume that a place is 5 stars worth of awesome or 1 star worth of non-awesome based on one measly visit.   And yet one measly visit to the Bronze Cafe, oh, 2 hours ago, and here I am anointing it with 5 stars.   

Enter the Tree of Life.   The Tree of life stars Brad Pitt in a Malick film about the life and the universe.   Yelp/RottenTomatoes Crossover alert!   Okay so this Pita stuffed with veggies and other vegan goodies like a cashew crema and a brazil nut crumble has nothing to do with the movie, but much like I had left the theater after seeing Tree of Life, I had a lot of questions about this Tree of Life after I left Bronze Cafe.   Namely:  was that one of the tastiest pita breads I've ever had? (yes).    Did I really just enjoy a Pita stuffed without any meat products?  (yes).   Did I really just order something called "Banana Boy Bait"?  (YES)   Well how I really ordered it was I said something along the lines of "and one of those banana bread things".    Then the guy who seemed to be running the joint goes "Banana Boy Bait?!"  to which I looked around sheepishly before saying yes.   It's totally worth any stares you might receive though.   It lasted all of 3 minutes on the table.   I'm not joking when I say I plan to try every sandwich and every Vegan dessert on the menu before my own personal Tree of Life wilts away and has me feasting on dirt and worms.   

Service was friendly, quick and efficient.   The dining area was clean and there wasn't any air of pretentiousness that I think Vegan friendly places can oftentimes be stereotyped with.   In fact it was the complete opposite.

I didn't need to use the restroom so I didn't get to participate in the gender neutrality that it provides.   The thought excites me though because I've heard from some of my female friends that sometimes you all have couches in there sometimes and I'm curious how this translates here.  I've got my fingers crossed for a La-Z-Boy recliner personally.
The food here was incredible. We had the tree of life. The ingredients were balanced, fresh and delicious. The pita was toasted perfectly. Soft with a slight crunch. We also got the LGBT sandwich. I didn't know what to expect with the bacon jam.....amazing!!!!  It makes the sandwich. Finally we ordered the vegan/glueten free ginger snaps.  They were wonderful as well. I have been singing the bronze cafe's praises since we left yesterday!
Excellent quality, fresh food, wonderfully seasoned. Staff was very friendly. Lovely, lovely, lovely. Even if you are not a vegetarian, you will love the quality and the portion size.
Awesome sandwiches - for meat eaters as well!  Try the LGBTQ - best BLT!  Their delivery service is quite handy and prompt.  Location itself has a nice sitting area if you have time to linger.  Get any sandwich on the ciabatta - can't go wrong.  Also enjoy the strawberry cookie.
Saw reviews on Yelp. Thought it would be great last Vegas meal before going home. Checked in & got $1 off order. Saw a cookie "marriage" with brownie so had to order. Delicious!
The first time I came here I ordered the bizness salad with brussel sprouts, roasted chicken and curried quinoa. I liked every element except for the brussel sprouts. They were both bitter and too hard to eat. The curried quinoa while dry had a good flavor. No complaints with the roasted chicken, it was how chicken should be. I was also surprised at how generous the portions were. 

Now after living in LV for 4 months Bronze Cafe is the restaurant I visit most frequently because of the fresh/high quality ingredients. 

Last time I visited, I tried one of their homemade desserts. I chose the peanut butter snickerdoodle cookie, it was hard as a rock and had more of a consistency to that of a shortbread cookie. I could barely make out any cinnamon sugar and the peanut butter was also an after thought.
Love this place!  The food is seriously off the chain!  And I feel healthy in eating it, which is a nice bonus!  I believe they have delivery, but might call ahead and double check me on that.

Located in the lobby of The Center on Maryland Pkwy, there is plenty of seating.  There is relaxing background music and the atmosphere is laid back.  

The staff are uber friendly and helpful.  They have tea, coffee, smoothies, sandwiches, salads, soup and various sides.  Try one of the many available homemade desserts...seriously goodness in your mouth!  My favs have to be the LGBTQ sandwich (bacon jam, yes bacon jam...nuff said!), hummus and The Fruity Pebbles Cookie.  The Tree of Life Pita is also wonderful...

Even if the location is off your beaten path...it's really worth a stop.  You won't be disappointed!  I might even see on my volunteer nights at The Center!  :)
The Food is Great! The Caring from the owners, Dave and Peter, is to the Moon!
Please come back and support healthy living and eating!
The bacon jam scone is delicious and The Bizness is one of the best salads I've ever had - definitely made with love.  While the food is awesome, the staff is even better - so friendly and accommodating.  Highly recommended.
Nestled inside The Center, which serves the LGBTQ community here in Vegas, is this gem of a restaurant, which serves everyone a healthy and tasty meal. We stopped in for a bite this afternoon, and I left feeling full and refreshed.

My husband ordered the LGBTQ sandwich, which is one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten. LEMON vinaigrette, mixed GREENS, BACON jam, TOMATO, and Q-CUMBER on ciabatta. You can't go wrong with that!

I would have ordered the same thing (and I will next time I go), but I wanted to try something else, so I ordered the The Bizness, which is a kale salad topped with your choice of three items. I got the brussel sprouts, beet/quinoa, and spiced chickpeas. This was one tasty salad, don't get me wrong, but after having a bite of the LGBTQ, all I could do was stare longingly at it while I munched on my veggies.

Each of our choices was $9.95, which seems a little pricey for my salad but is a steal for the LGBTQ. We'll be back!
Friendly, personal service and unbeatably healthy, delicious foods. Coffee and Pastries too!
I love the Canteloupe Tumeric Water. I never drink soda now! The Just Too Good For You smoothie is a meal replacement. The California Turkey is the best sandwich, in my thorough research. I will get the Complicated Order when I'm in the mood for some bacon. Ask for a free sample of the soup of the day, it's the best.
I orders the tree of life pita- AMAZING!! I also ordered the vegan superfoods smoothie- also quite tasty. I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas! Maybe even before I leave...
Yes yes yes! This cafe is seriously the BEST. Truly next level stuff for this town. Great hummus, amazing almond milk, tasty espresso. But it ain't cheap by any stretch of imagination!

Obviously don't be a hater, but don't pass this place up if you aren't gay/lesbian, etc. I'd go here every day if I could afford to!

Health conscious chicks (and guys) will dig this spot.
I love the food at Bronze Cafe. I have been here a couple times and tried a couple of their sandwiches and they were delicious. The food taste very fresh and healthy. Luckily the great food makes up for the horrible location. There are plenty options if you are a vegetarian, vegan, or have a  gluten free diet.  I highly recommend this place!
I LOOOOOVEEEE the vegan cheesecakes. 

I had the green tea one and it was amazing, it wasn't greasy nor didn't have an oily texture that you'd find in other store bought vegan cheesecakes. A friend of mine had some sort of strawberry one which was also good. They offer different kinds of cheesecakes on different days so it's always a surprise to come back and see what they have next.

I've also had their melon and pineapple drinks. Amazing as well and not overly sugary. This is definitely one of my new favorite vegan places. (Not that I had one to begin with)

I've heard the Tree of Life vegan sandwich is also great, i have yet to try it and can't wait to come back.

The staff was nice, knowledgeable, made sure we had everything we needed, and was kind enough to answer any questions of mine about the ingredients in their food. Yayyy you guys!
I cant justify giving this place any less than 5 stars. The service was amazing. The food was some of the best that I have ever had. And the bathrooms are awesome! Every place needs bathrooms like this. Also the juices are very refreshing and super yummy. Our server let us try different deserts before we bought one. He noticed my girlfriend was a teacher and even gave us the discount after we got our food. If you are in the area you must go here. It is the best cafe in Vegas.
I've been here a couple of times and it's always pleasant. Their staff is nice and it's very clean. 

It's located in the LGBT center aka The Center.

It's pretty small in comparison to the actual center with about 3 or four tables. I'm not sure if you can eat anywhere but if not then it's tiny.

Anyways I always get a little disheartened figuring that the food is a little pricey... Until I taste it. It's so good! 

They have salads, sandwiches, wraps, fresh juices, cookies, and pastries..! A lot of it is vegan and vegetarian.

One of the best things I've had was this jalapeño and cheese scone.. It is so good! I've gone back just for this.

My go to thing to order is the tree of life pita. It really is that good that EVERYONE posts about it. It has the perfect balance of flavors. They make it perfect everytime. Toasting the pita for a crunch and small details.

If you go late they discount some of their items to get rid of the stock because they're always fresh.

Overall it is cute, casual, affordable cafe. Nothing fancy but definitely delicious.
OK, I get what all the hype is about.  I really enjoyed my lunch, everyone was very friendly.  It is so nice to just have what seems like a healthy meal option that is well made and perfectly seasoned.  I will have to try some of the other options.
The Bizness (with the beets,  avocado and red pepper hummus) was great.  Also had the watermelon chia water. Went with a large group and service was prompt and well executed. Also sampled the tree of life sandwich (yum) and the pineapple mint Chia water.  Great,  tasty food and drink!!!
What a treat to find somewhere to get my green smoothie fix! Super friendly and helpful staff. A welcome change of pace from the normal food offerings of vegas. I got the real results fitness smoothie and added kale it did not disappoint and tasted like a peanut butter cup! Yummy! I hope this isn't my last time at Bronze Cafe but good thing they deliver to my hotel.
Soooooo good! Every sandwich, every salad, every drink, every dessert. ALL good!  

It's casual, very friendly service. They really care about the food they are serving. It's clean and laid back. They listen to feedback and it influences what they do. 

I tell all my vegan friends about it too because they have some killer vegan food as well, that is packed with flavor! 

Can't go wrong! Consistently uber fresh!
I absolutely love this place. Not only is the food amazing but the staff is exceptional. They have a great variety of food, drinks, and pastries. My favorites is the it's complicated sandwich and bacon scone. It is definitely a hidden gem.
I love this place, they have vegan and veggie options as well as some meat plates. Everything is so fresh and yummy! The Tree of Life is by far the best dish for Vegans- but the cheesecake. Oh the cheesecake. They have different flavors all the time, so don't expect to get the one you want- the ones I have tried are the Green Tea, Chocolate, and Raspberry. They are by far the best vegan cheesecakes I have ever had. Ever.

Now for the drinks, the honeydew, watermelon, pineapple, and cantaloupe. Honeydew is the most refreshing in my opinion, not too sweet or powerfully flavorful. Watermelon is good, but sweet, and the pineapple is tasty, but also sweet. They are all really good and a great alternative to sodas or powered waters since they are fresh squeezed with no added sugar or water.

They also no have a new item, the Chocolate Ambrosia Sandwich with white chocolate raspberry bread for less than 5$ and it is to DIE FOR. GAH, it's like eating a little bit of Angel wing, if an Angel's wing tasted like AWESOMENESS. Get it, it's worth it.
Went here for the first time last week. I SO want to give this place 5 stars because holy smokes was it good! I got the Tree of Life pita and it was heaven! So flavorful! I also got a matcha green tea smoothie which was just ok. Also got a strawberry cookie which was fabulous! Also very nice staff. SO why the 3 stars? Because unfortunately there was a hair in my side salad  that came with my take out pita...yuck! That wasn't so amazing.
Not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't already been said... I ordered the bizness, which is a kale salad that you can pick 3 accompaniments for- it was very flavorful. Husband had a sandwich on house made gluten free bread - super good! 

Loved the strawberry gluten free vegan cheesecake. 

Top 5 vegan friendly lunch places I've been to!
I have to confess: I hated Vegas. I like urban tourism, visiting big cities, enjoying everything, even I preffer nature, I love cities. But not Vegas. It's not for me. I didn't feel comfortable at any place, but then... I found this café thanks to Yelp :) 

It's strange the first time you got there because it seems you're entering a hospital or similar. But trust me: go inside. You will find a place to eat very healthy tasty food, even veggie and vegan; delete with handmade refreshing drinks and coffee which tastes like real coffee! ;)

People there are super nice, they treat you like if you were at home with some friends. We knew by asking them that the center was to support and help lesbian, gays, bisexual, transexual and, actually, every single person who needs help. The work they do there is amazing, with a lot of love and care. With your visit, you're supporting the cause too, let's go :)
I've had lots of vegan and vegetarian food- some is amazing, and some is underwhelming. But here, they're good at mixing unlikely flavor combinations and textures for filling yet still meatless meals. There are some carnivore-friendly options available, too.

The Good Earth is a phenomenal sandwich of roasted veggies on a pita, topped with the lemon-rubbed kale, a hummus sauce, and something made with sunflower seeds. After "roasted veggies" I pretty much tuned everything out and handed over my credit card. It was delicious.

Combine a great first meal with attentive and personable service and a cozy, library-like setting with comfortable tables and chairs, and I will happily try a new sandwich  every time I'm on this side of town.
What a little gem! I was looking online for a spot to eat healthy and this café was highly rated on many reviews. This eatery is set up like a food court, only without any other restaurants. 

I opted for the soup of the day - fresh veggies and kale, along with the California Turkey sandwich (Turkey breast, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, red onion, basil aioli, lemon vinaigrette, on Ciabatta bread). What's the word for 100 times more than just yummy! The sandwich came with mixed greens - so tasty and fresh I imagined they were picked today.

Kale can be bitter, but the seasoning and texture of the soup brought out its best flavor. They had an intriguing method for making coffee (which I hardly ever drink). Ice cubes in a glass container dripped water over coffee grounds, which then filled a coffee pot. I couldn't resist. And since I drink coffee so rarely I had to get a dessert to go with it - right? 

A mango cookie with a dollop of apricot in its center seemed like a good choice and - just to make sure I ate every crumb - stuffed as I was - it was heated slightly so it was just a teeny bit soft and oh so marvelously delicious. 

The service matched the food. Everyone couldn't be nicer, more knowledgable about every detail of the products, and eager to make your experience memorable. Though I had black coffee, I was offered home made almond milk - a first for me. Should have had a glass of that - but I'll save that for the next time. Lots more on the menu for me to enjoy.

One last word - this spot is owned by a gay couple and is located in the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada. Didn't bother me in the least, I found the atmosphere quite friendly and welcoming - but if that puts you off - sorry to say you'll be missing a really good meal.
I drive 9 miles twice a month just 4 the Best Cafe in VEGAS
The food is exceptional‼
There's a choice for any Foodie or pallet from chicken turkey and lots of the VEGAN Options

The Staff are the SEXY in the City

Thank you 4 making a Better Community
Never been to the center but found it pretty cozy!!  This was my fist time and the girl who took my order was very helpful and had a few samples!!  I ordered the what what and my cousin the tree of life.  The lemon vinegar eye is yummy!!  The sandwich was very good and cousin loveed the tree of
Life (vegan). She even said this was her new favorite place..  Snicker doodle peanut butter cookie was amazing!!
I have a confession: I actually made a Yelp account exclusively to write a review about the Bronze Cafe. Never have I felt so strongly about the integrity of a food establishment: light springy and flavorful kale salads, creamy smoothies filled with the kind of stuff that grew pop-eyes muscles before our eyes, and incredible baked goods that are so good they make me want to ... YELP!
Great variety of vegan treats and every single one is delicious.  Best vegan baked goods I've ever had!
Amazingly delicious! Finally, something vegan that's not trying to be healthy! Sometimes you just gotta indulge!
So, I was with my fiance visiting family in Vegas, and we had a mix of Vegan and non-Vegan people to feed. It can be difficult to find something that satisfies both but Bite def did the trick. 

Personally, I thought the food was way better than many versions I've had with dairy/eggs, etc. Pretty shocking actually! Highly recommend the monkey bread and caramels.

The Vegan eaters in the group found a new favorite place and they go to the market to stock up on the Bite goodies on a weekly basis now.
Best chocolate cake I ever tasted. We love her baked goods. And the prices are good. Bite rocks.
Grabbed a pie shaped chocolate chip cookie (made with chickpeas) for my picky 2 year old. She barely let me have one bite but it was amazing!
My favorite vegan treats in town! Every Saturday at Tivoil, it's a must. I need to start getting 2 of each cause they are to good to share
1. Stacey is amazingly friendly and helpful
2. The food is delicious - I've now had the mock chicken lettuce rape as well as the tacos and I loved every bite.
3. Entrees run a little over  $10 which is more than I'd like but worth it
4. Next time I go I think I'm going to get a few things from the raw food bar!
Not a fan. Fresh pressed Juice cost $8 including tax for 16oz- highest price outside of whole paycheck- I mean- whole foods. Staff is nice. Kale salad is soaking in dressing and everything, although presumably made fresh, has been sitting around in the fridge case with a dry coating over it. I love the idea of fresh healthy quick food, but this is basically a super stripped down whole foods salad bar at $11 per pound. Just returned my second juice because it was all pulp and chewy.  Cashier made me wait for the manager to get back from "the store" so she could tell me if they would give me my money back. um.....ok? Gross.
Simply Pure is simply wonderful!  Try the Thai Basil Spring Rolls and thank me later.
I love the food here- when I first saw the tiny place, I thought it was just a salad bar and I was not interested. They have such a bigger menu than I expected though. Everything I've had here is delicious! And Chef Stacey is so friendly. If you like healthy, organic, raw food- go!!
Just randomly stopped by the container park today for the first time. My wife and I had no idea this place was here and decided to try it. We ordered the raw "chicken" salad wraps, and the tlc juice. We normally wouldn't order a juice but thought we would give it a chance. And we loved it! The chicken salad is now our new favorite food in Las Vegas!!! GO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!!!!! You won't regret it!
Very good for vegan raw cuisine. We tried a couple things from the salad bar and then ordered from the menu. Spring rolls are as good as you would imagine a spring roll to  be. So no complaints there. Lettuce wraps were great flavor, but I would have enjoyed them more if they were served with a crunchier lettuce. The lettuce used is thin and has no crunch, so since the inside faux chicken is soft in texture, I felt like it's too much "soft" per bite texturally. I solved this by crunching up the chips that came with it and adding them inside. Aside from that, though, the taste is GREAT! Best faux chicken salad I have ever tasted. If I were to bring it home, I would probably add celery and spread it over crackers. YUM!
I love this place!! The food was super fresh & they were constantly preparing more in the back. We had the nachos and they were so good! BEST vegan meat I've ever tasted & I've tasted quite a few! We also ordered the spring rolls & they were delicious as well.
 The staff was incredibly nice, chef Stacey even came out and greeted us upon our arrival. The guy working the front gave is free samples of the almond truffle balls, the chocolate banana ganache, & a few other things from the salad bar. 
All in all, I LOVE this place!! I definitely recommend it to everyone- both vegan & non vegan,  they're food is delicious & healthy!
Amazing chef and fabulous salad bar just wasn't a fan of the jicama chili cheese fries...would try something else tho!
I had a really great time this morning at Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan.  Had the HIGH OCTANE juice full of Beets, Carrots, Cucumber, and Ginger.  It was wonderfully energizing and full of healthy ingredients.
I also had Mock Chikin Salad Lettuce Wraps: mock chikin made with almonds and cashews, sprouts, diced tomatoes, and a cashew cream sauce wrapped in lettuce leaves (served with a side of tortilla chips) $11.95.  This was full of favor surprises and packed a lot of heartiness and satisfaction.
While I do not always eat as healthy as I should, I KNOW that when Chef Stacey places her considerable talents and reputation behind her offerings, she is committed to offering the very BEST.  The best ingredients, the best preparation, the best balanced nutrition.  
She is not only fulfilling her dream to serve the community and to educate our palates and understanding of how to revitalize our lives via the choices that we make to fuel our bodies. 
She simply cares!
And she deliberately made time to ask for my feedback and my input toward helping her to help our community make better eating choices.
She is a true Las Vegas treasure and she really deserves our community support.  
This is not just a business, it is an educational resource, and a center for experimentation in treating ourselves better. 
Check out Chef Stacey's story at https://www.facebook.com/SimplyPureLV and you readily will see that she has a vision to serve our community as she builds her business.
Here is just a little of what she has posted on her Facebook site:
"Exactly 1 year ago today I quit my job at Wynn Resorts and stepped out on faith to pursue a life of full time freedom and entrepreneurship. Less than one year later, I fulfilled my dream of opening my own vegan restaurant. 1 year ago i was full of anxiety, fear, hope and faith. Today I am filled with abundant love, extreme gratitude, hope restored and faith realized. I am happy. I am free. I thank GOD for allowing me to experience life. My only prayer is that I remain a conduit through which He works and that I teach others to truly live their passion. #SimplyPure #ChefStaceyDougan #January4th #DreamFulfilled #TeamFreedom"
Q.E.D.  Chef Stacey Dougan walks the walk that she writes about.
I enjoyed the food both times going here but the last time coming I noticed in the back where the food was being prepared, a sack of generic brand brown sugar. Of course being raw & vegan doesn't rule out brown sugar..but it's certainly not organic. And I guarantee you that the niche being served here is not going to be fond of that ingredient. I believe with all my heart and soul that eating raw and vegan is the most healthful thing you can do for your body but what is the point if you combine it with chemically laden, super processed ingredients? It just makes me question the values of this place. I'm grateful that this place exists but please, just use some coconut sugar and show people that eating this way tastes good! We don't need the sugar.
In the past two weeks, I've turned two religious carnivore eating individuals into semi vegan eating animal lovers - well at least when there at Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan in The Cointainer Park area in Las Vegas.  I've lived in 4 countries, over 15 states and tried every rendition of vegetarian meals. I've been on this journey for 12 years and since living in Las Vegas (8 months) I've almost considered being a waterterian because of the horrid food choices here.  When I came across  Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan - it reminded me of why I became vegetarian. All of the food choices are amazingly fresh and flavorful. The inviting experience of Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan continues when you meet any of the knowledgable staff. They greet you with a smile, a sample and a history lesson on the food. You can tell that take pride in their product and presentation.  Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan sets itself apart because its not one of those excessively hippy and over pretentious spots,  where staff members are forcing the health issue on its patrons - they greet you with an honesty.

I've had every item on the menu and there all delicious, but the nachos w/ mock chicken and guacamole is my go to meal. It has always exceeded my expectations and any carnivore who's skeptical, try the nachos with the mock chicken or crumbles both are irresistible.

If you're looking for variety, you can't go wrong with the well  priced salad bar.

Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan has restored my faith in Las Vegas veggie scene. At this point I never need to find another veggie spot to eat at in Las Vegas, because I am completely satisfied with Simply Pure by Chef Stacey Dougan.
Looking for a good variety of filling, fresh and flavorful food that is super healthy for you?  Look no more, Simply Pure is your place!   The menu has a lot of options and they even have a salad bar filled with even more choices.  I love the assortment of beverages and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Service was fast and delicious!  I will definitely  be back to try more dishes.
Side note:  The kale chips are off the chain scrumptious...the most healthy addiction you could ask for!
So glad DT has a great vegan place to check out whenever I'm in the area. Food is good, however a bit salty. I will though be back to try more. I do love the fact that it's international dishes turned vegan. International dishes have so much punch in flavor! 

Service: 5/5
Info was explained so well, I was more so shocked rather than listening. Comparing this place to Greens & Proteins, this place is so much better at service. 

Presentation: 5/5
I did a take out, and even the take out box is loud. That's a good thing by the way. When your food looks good and you have a good looking take out box, I believe you'll look good too! Portion of the vegan nachos were just right and filling too! Chinapoblano at Cosmo need to come down and take a lesson about portions from Chef Stacey, because this is the size people eat! 

Taste: 4/5
As a vegan chef, I tend to cook with loud spices that have my clients look out to the horizon with a confused look on their face trying to guess what it is. Chef Stacey did this with the nachos. I did find the vegan protein a bit salty as I devoured the dish. The nice size portion of the avocado smoothed out the saltiness though. Thankfully I had a bottle of water on hand too. 

Overall: 5/5
A great place to indulge and check out if you're in the area. Great location for both locals and visitors. Prices do match the portions so you're getting what you pay for, which most "hip" vegan establishments or venues who cater to vegan often miss. 

Tips: 
Parking - Park at El Cortez on Ogden & 6th. There are two separate garages, one for hotel guests and non hotel guests. 

If you can't find a close enough parking spot, just park and walk. DT streets take getting used to, plus one street was closed off for an event, so it made getting to the other side a bit frustrating.
The 'chicken' nacho plate... Mmmmm! I'm so glad there's a great vegan place at Container Park in downtown LV.
Simply Pure is simply delicious!!!  I'm so excited  Las Vegas finally has an awesome vegan restaurant. Her staff is more than amazing. The service is impeccable.  The food speaks for itself. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great introduction to quality vegan cuisine.
I enjoyed the customer service and explaining what I was getting!! My first time trying and I love it!! Filling,tasteful,and healthy!!! I'm going to become a regular!!!
Great food and service. I had their Fettucchini Alfredo and it was delicious. Would love to see them in Henderson!
I'm not a vegan at all but I fell in love with this place!  The vegan protein and avocado salad are really good but the thing I loved the most was the avocado chocolate mousse! I had to go back and get more! I didn't think vegan food could taste so good until I tried this place.
I been a fan of Chef Stacey since her catering days.

EVERYTHING she makes is wonderful and will have you craving for more. The nachos are outstanding, even so that I can get two meat-loving preteens to beg me to take them back for more.

I've always been weary of kale chips until I tried hers. Crazy seasoning and a depth of flavors made we want them over my usual seaweed/nori snacks. 

If you want food that looks good, tastes good and IS GOOD FOR YOU, this is the spot.
I am not vegan but do love raw vegan food. I was very excited to see this place when my husband and I visited the new Container Park. It wasn't a meal time but we wanted to try something so we decided to split the "chicken" salad wraps. Now even during non mealtimes my husband is a big eater so I suspected we would have to find him another snack at one of the other restaurants but this seemed to satisfy him. Not to mention he is most decidedly not vegan and declared the food to be "awesome". I would definitely make another trip for the food alone.
I had the Zucchini Pasta with Cashew Alfredo sauce ($11.95) topped with mushrooms & spinach. It was delicious. You get one choice of topping. I recommend the mushrooms because they add a nice savory meaty texture & they are nicely flavored with seasonings. I tried a sample of both the key lime mousse & the chocolate ganache. Both were good & tasty. Derek, the cashier was really nice, friendly & helpful. He's a warm hearted guy, who makes you feel welcomed. It's a small, super casual take-out cafe but there is plenty of outdoor seating all around the shopping plaza which is called the Outdoor Container Park. They are located upstairs. I ended ordering the Key Lime Mousse for dessert. Derek gave me granola to use as a topping which made it even better. Prices are reasonable for Vegan food.
Okay. Came here with my baby nephew today. And oh my god. This place is AMAZING!!!!!!!!! So delicious, so flavorful. Everyone is so nice and sweet I met the owner and chef she is awesome! So happy I came here. I got a salad (create your own) and I also got a little sample of the dessert truffle. My nephew is 1 and he absolutely loved it. I wish I bought a dozen of them lol. I will deff come back to this place! I love the avocados wish I knew how it was made so good!
This place was amazing.
The girl behind the counter was friendly and spent lots of time explaining what everything was and all the different options we had to order food, she let us try as many samples as we wanted and we asked for a lot!
The food was fabulous and really good value for money, it was costed by weight which i'm always wary of but the price was great.
I didn't realise vegan could taste so good
Everyone should eat here!!!
The best thing going for the Container Park.  I was stalking Stacey Dougan's Instagram pics of her food, and I couldn't wait to try this place.

Located on the second floor near the entrance of Container Park is where you will find Simply Pure. I was greeted immediately by Derrick, who was very informative about their food. They have a raw vegan salad bar that is $10.99/lb and I was able to sample a couple different items, the Kale Salad was my personal favorite. I couldn't decide between the Jicama Chili Cheese Fries or the Nachos, but decided on later since I'd been eyeballing them for awhile. Portion was pretty big, I could only eat half of my order.  I was also treated to a sample of the dark chocolate ganache with almond granola for dessert. This was really good!  They also offer fresh pressed organic juices.

I really like this place, I like that everyone was passionate about the food and very friendly and knowledgable.
I got excited when I saw a vegan place at the container park. I'm happy that there are more vegan places around so I wanted to support them and give them a try.  I got the "beef" tacos. They would've been good if they weren't so salty. It tasted like an entire can of salt was mixed into them.  I couldn't finish all three. The salt was just too much. 

There salad bar looked really good and so did the spring rolls. I think I will try them next time. I also wish there were more vegan/vegetarian foods that didn't have imitation meat.
A few pals and I went to the Container Park today, and I was stoked to try something from this vegan joint! We shared the nachos (it's a good portion) and they received an A+ from me and my meat-loving friends. It was creamy, fresh, and flavorful! Just the perfect snack to eat outside on the terrace. The service was great! Very informative and helpful. Don't be afraid to ask and sample. I am definitely looking forward to coming through the downtown area to grab another thing or two from Simply Pure!
I am far from a Vegan/Vegetarian and thoroughly enjoyed this place. I have never had faux meat tacos before but they were great. I see someone else made a comment about over-salting, mistakes happen, mine were dialed in today. I left fully satisfied and definitely can not wait to return. They have made to order items as well as a salad bar. I practically ran it through the garden and tried most everything from the bar in addition to my tacos. Really good stuff. The people that worked there were extremely friendly and helpful. Please support a place like this.
When we entered the Container Park, I first saw the Pork and Beans sign and figured I would have to wait for dinner . . . then, I saw the "Vegan Cafe" sign and all was right with the world.  I ordered the Chili Cheese Fries and they were excellent.  My wife ordered the nachos and they too were excellent, though it is not as difficult to make excellent nachos as it is to make fries using jicama.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was great.  My only negative comment about the food offered is that much of it was an attempt at replicating non vegan food.  I don't miss meat or dairy and I prefer a vegan restaurant that challenges me to try new and wild creations, not replicating food that wasn't that good when I ate meat and dairy.  If you are in the Container Park area, this cafe is a great place for a snack, lunch, or even a dinner.  On a warm night, you can sit outside and watch the kids go crazy while you enjoy a vegan meal.
Great food in container park. They have a good selection of vegan friendly food including raw options. The Raw Vegan pasta with cashew Alfredo sauce is EXCELLENT! The chips they use are from a bag instead if being hand made and dehydrated, but other than that everything is fresh and delicious. They were really awesome about handling a misunderstanding so you can expect good customer service. It's a bit pricey, but it's worth the extra money to have a healthy option
I'm not VEGAN but my wife and daughter are (don't pray for me, I'm strong, I'll survive them) 
Anyway just because I'm not Vegan dosnt mean I don't appreciate good food when I eat it. 
1. The Food was very tasty, I'm gonna say excellent (and the tacos were not to salty like some other reviewer said)
2. My wife is Raw and asked a question the cashier wasn't sure of, but the chef must have overheard because he was out in 2 seconds to answer .
3. I'm not sure how good their drinks are, I went down to some BBQ place and got me a beer, so I love the idea in Container park you can kinda mix and match if ya want.
D. I'm gonna go back!
I found this place to be total heaven!
We ordered the tacos and the zucchini pasta with a cashew sauce. The cashew sauce was out of this world and I can only hope I can make something like his remotely close at home!  So delicious! There were plenty of left overs as well. I have zero complaints about this place. I did not notice to much salt either but they are so friendly, I am sure they would make you something else if you don't care for your food.
I ordered a couple of her e cookbooks as well! Yum!
Absolutely love this place. I'm not a vegan so I  was  little iffy about trying it but I'm so glad I did! I didn't know that vegan food could be so full of flavor! The salad bar is amazing, fresh and new every day. My favorite, I must say, are the vegan nachos. I actually like them better than real nachos! Crazy! The staff is so friendly too. I have never had a bad experience. Be sure to check them out in the Container Park!
Perfect place for Vegans and Vegetarians!  Located on the second floor of Container Park.  Service was super friendly.  Only outdoor seating.  

I've been wanting to try zucchini pasta and this place has it!  You can choose the type of sauce and toppings you want.  The first topping is free.  I got the cashew nut sauce with mushroom and vegan beef.    Omg, it was amazing.  Zucchini is a wonderful replacement for regular pasta.  Who knew??  The cashew nut sauce is a great healthy alternative to alfredo sauce.  I dare say that I prefer cashew nut sauce to alfredo sauce now.  The vegan beef really had me surprised.  I loved the texture and the taste.  Even my boyfriend, who hates substitute meats, liked the vegan beef! 

I wished this place existed in LA!  I would love to try the other dishes here.  Looking for vegan or vegetarian food in Las Vegas?  You need to try this place!
I've been Vegan 13 years and have eaten in Vegan Restaurants from California to Michigan. I was extremely disappointed after ordering Stacey's purported popular & EXPENSIVE "Nachos". The Nachos basically consisted of COLD fried nachos with cold substitute meat and definitely not enough sauce. Not a hint of daiya or other Vegan cheese. Definitely ripped-off that day & will NOT return. I will say the place appeared clean & the help friendly. Peace
This place was so packed! It is very small inside and it looked like only 2 employees were working. The  vegetarian girlfriend saw this on yelp and we decided to give it try.

This place is only good for lunch, and the items sounded very appetizing.  The staff was friendly I just wished they would explain how this place works for new customers because the menu said you pay by lb on some items. 

Keep in mind this is a raw vegan shack so nothing is cooked. The nachos had cold beef but still were very tasty. Overall, the experience could have been better but the food was very good. Something I did not like was I could not change stuff on my plate ( replace avocado with guacamole) or have one lettuce wrap and the rest tortilla. I'm paying for it, so I should have the option to tweak it a little bit even if you want to charge me more. What it says is what you have.
Food: I am a transitioning vegetarian, so trying this place was a must. Had the vegan tacos. Very good, although I did find the "meat" a bit on the over seasoned side. Besides that, very good dish. Spring rolls were good as well.

Decor: This establishment is located on the second floor of Container Park, so it's a bit cramped inside the shop itself (no fault of theirs). Outside balcony seating is abundant, with plenty of people watching to be had.

Service: Service was excellent. The gentleman that helped us was very polite, explained the food options, and even brought our food to us on the balcony. Afterwards, he offered us samples of their chocolate ganache. His efforts were validated, as I left with a take home serving of the desert.
The place is cute and small like a cafe should be. We are the nachos and chicken wraps so good. Grabbed a beer ate outside and enjoyed Great service!
Amazing fresh vegan food! Even for carnivores, this place is delicious. The vegan nachos are a great example. 

It's a build your own salad format, so you pay by the pound. However, it's amazing how much food you get for the price.

The food is freshly prepared onsite. If no one is at the register, they're just behind the small wall in the kitchen. Highly recommended!!!
I am not vegan or vegetarian but Simply Pure is and you will not miss meat or dairy. The dishes are amazing. The nachos are unreal most people would never believe they were eating vegan if you didn't tell them. Great service too!
I would usually give this place 4 stars because it's a little pricey but what the hell, it's Vegas. Don't come here if you're cheap. 

It's not too bad but for that price I would like to be able to sit down and get drink refills and such. Other than that, the food is incredible. I got the raw tacos and Megan got the "chickn" tacos. They were both out of this world.

If you're looking for some great vegan food in Vegas, this is the place to go. There's nowhere to sit in the store but there are plenty of tables just outside (under cover in case it's raining) and you can sit and look around at the really cool container park that it's in. 

Just up the road from the famous Fremont street. We parked, ate, and them walked there and hung out.
The food here is so flavorful and fresh. Seriously, buy all the kale chips you can because they do not last long. I crave the raw Alfredo all the time. I'm not vegetarian. I rarely eat the healthiest of  meals.  Thank you for making delicious food that's actually good me. The service is always great.
Found out about Simply Pure on Happy Cow. Very glad to find vegan food in LV let alone vegan food this good. Located in the wonderfully cool Container Park, it makes for a great people watching meal. After ordering the food from Stacey Dougan herself, we found a table outside since there are no tables inside. There are tables all around the park. 

We ordered the tacos and the nachos. Nice sized portions, left me very satisfied. Excellent flavors and textures. So much so that I came back the next day. A real vegan gem in Vegas.
Great place to satisfy an afternoon need for a treat. Smoothie, juice or small dish. I love this place. They just expanded their store to shea and Scottsdale -- making my drive to visit grabba mucho shorter. Perfection. Lady who served me this morning was super nice; which was rare at the other location. Excited!!
Cute new location, same great food!  This is the ultimate build-your-own place - super healthy, delicious, and as hearty or light as you make it, it's a favorite at our house.  They also have great juice!  

It's small, shiny and modern with a cute little table for kids and some nice outdoor seating.  A great place to throw in the mix when Pita Jungle's full.

They have some brilliant bowl combinations (I love the French Quarter, substituting sesame sauce for avocado cream), or you can make your own.  Tons of fresh, delicious ingredients and wonderful sauces:  combine a healthy grain/spinach, protein, veggies, dairy and sauce.  They have interesting choices like quinoa noodles and edamame.  Their salmon and shrimp are both really nice, the avocado is great, and I highly recommend using the edamame.
I love having Grabba Green as a snack and lunch option. Last week I really wanted a GOOD smoothie, and Grabba Green was perfect. I enjoyed the "Feeling Fabulous," which is spinach, kale, avocado, cucumber, coconut, lemon, coconut water and honey. Hearty, creamy with a touch of sweetness. 

Previously, I've had the Indochin, which has Rice Noodles, Chicken, Cucumber, Bean Sprouts, Carrots, Green Onion, Cilantro, and a spicy almond sauce.
Grabba Green offers some good and healthy lunch options, along with being very convenient. I've had a few lunches here and I really like the online ordering system, it makes for an easy to-go experience. I really enjoy the "make-your-own" bowls where you can choose whatever you want to go in it. There's lot's of fresh, healthy, and flavorful options. I like that they have quinoa pasta as a healthy alternative to regular pasta. The quinoa pasta can be a little clumpy at times, but that is just the nature of the beast, if you've ever cooked it at home you would know. I've also had their fresh juice which is quite good and reasonably priced. Grabba Green had become a part of my lunch rotation due to the convenience, healthy options, and reasonable prices.
My friend & I tried this place today for a very late breakfast. I have never been there so I was just a bit confused by the menu. Maybe b/c I was just very excited that they offer vegan food as well as organic, I love having great options. When I asked her to explain the menu to me, she did, when I asked another question about the menu (which she already went over), she talked to me really slow as if I was retarded. I get it, you already explained it, I asked a question that was answered, but no need to treat me like I have a mental disorder. 

I will say, my order was good, it wasn't great & it definitely wasn't amazing. The presentation of the food was sloppy, which doesn't matter since it doesn't effect the taste, but it's thrown in a small box & it was $10, I definitely was expecting more.

I would say that I would possibly go back sometime BUT the girls customer service was disgusting & that made my decision not want to go back. My friend stated that there was nothing that impressed her and that she will stick to True Foods.

1 star for offering vegan food.
1 star for offering organic food.
This was my second outing to grabba green at Scottsdale Shea.  It's an easy place for lunch with a variety of options and flavors that borrow from Asian, Southwest and Greek cuisine .  I've tried the Southwest Rice Bowl and the Gangnam City salad.  Both are tasty with a multitude of fresh ingredients.  I love that you can have warm dishes as well instead of just salads, it makes it feel heartier.  The next time I'm back I've got my eye on the Moroccan Mac & Cheese.  

All of their food comes packed in a little brown box which is deceiving because there actually is a lot of food jammed inside.  I've tried their Juices (the Gingerly) which was fresh-made and delicious.  

I would say however, that I would never take my husband here because while there was certainly enough protein in both of the dishes that I have tried, I don't see it appealing to people who are very meat-and-potatoes.  We tried having lunch here with a few of our guy friends and they complained the entire time.
I go to this place on a regular basis.  Absolutely love it, nothing there that I haven't liked.  The menu is a great concept, offers a lot of variety of choices but also VERY healthy and clean and it allows you to have fun with it and create different combinations and see what you come up with if you choose to "make your own".  I have had the quinoa a number of times but usually get a smoothie.  

The service there, in my experience has always been fast and friendly and consistently great!

I highly recommend to anyone who is not just vegan or vegetarian, which I am not, but to anyone who is health conscious and willing to spend a couple extra bucks to put something nutritious into their body!